1. 
		This article is part of the Free Speech Project, a collaboration between Future Tense and the Tech, Law, & Security Program at American University Washington College of Law that examines the ways technology is influencing how we think about speech. 
 MOSCOW—From the West, it may seem that not many Russians have taken to the streets to protest against the 'special military operation' in Ukraine. But activists here are taking enormous risks by protesting at all. The most common punishment for participating in an unauthorized rally (all rallies are unauthorized; the government is using the pandemic as an excuse to deny requests for any demonstrations) is a fine of up to 20,000 rubles or about $170, which is an average month salary in some Russian regions.


2. 
		This article is part of the Free Speech Project, a collaboration between Future Tense and the Tech, Law, & Security Program at American University Washington College of Law that examines the ways technology is influencing how we think about speech. 
 Last week, Russia's internet censor demanded YouTube undo restrictions on CSKA, a Russian football club, saying the decision harms everyday Russians. Embedded in that demand was something notable: outright calling YouTube a tool of Western 'information warfare.


3. 
		Operation Safety Net was supposed to keep the peace during the Chauvin trial. Did it abuse its power? If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support. Set up manually: How does this work? We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer, click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed, check our FAQ. 
 When Minnesota's Operation Safety Net, a coordinated effort among nine Minnesota law enforcement agencies, was announced in February 2021, its mission was to ensure the trial of Derek Chauvin would proceed peacefully.


4. 
		During a documentary interview in 1996, back when he was a little-known political functionary, Vladimir Putin offered an eerie warning about Russia's future. 'However sad and however frightening it may sound, I think that in our country a return to a certain period of totalitarian rule is possible,' he said. 'The danger,' he added, 'is not to be found in the organs that provide order, the police or even the army. It is a danger at our summit, in the mentality of our people, our nation.' Well over a decade later, while speaking as president during a nationally televised Q&A in 2012, Putin once again mused about the possibility of totalitarian rule.


5. 
		After the Arab Spring, Vladimir Putin began to see the internet as a 'tool of Western power projection,' according to Justin Sherman, a fellow at the Atlantic Council's Cyber Statecraft Initiative. His belief that the U.S. created the internet as a means of asserting its power has led to a range of moves restricting Russians' access to the internet—and it's given the Kremlin an excuse to use the internet as a weapon for its own purposes. Now, as Western tech companies are pulling out of Russia, will Putin act decisively against the internet? On Friday's episode of What Next: TBD, I spoke with Justin Sherman about how Putin wants to wall off Russia from the rest of the digital world.


6. 
		We all want to do our part to support Ukraine as the country defends itself against a brutal invasion by Russia. And many of us feel a little impotent right now, as we watch bombs go off on TV and refugees making a desperate escape, in the increasingly rare cases they're able. So naturally, many Americans are displaying their support the best way they know how: by purchasing, or not purchasing, consumer goods. To this I say: come on. Stop boycotting random Russian things. It's not helping. You could even argue it is making things worse.


7. 
		The gesture from the leadership at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland was simple: As of a few weeks ago, employees could add their pronouns to their official identification for meetings. On calls and chats, the information would appear alongside their names and internal ID number. The addition of a formal field for pronouns was a show of support to gender minorities and their allies. But it didn't last. On Monday of this week, representatives from NASA Headquarters called a meeting to abruptly end the new features in their system, which they said had been rolled out as part of a pilot program.


8. 
		In 1994, the Clinton administration introduced the Empowerment Zone program, an urban policy scheme that provided a few small grants or tax credits to communities deemed financially stressed, along with tax credits for big businesses to operate in poorer communities. While on its face the program's intention was to financially uplift low-income neighborhoods, it did something much less admirable: It ultimately made the destabilizing process of gentrification seem like a natural response to the urban crises of capitalism, exemplifying an optimistic, neoliberal ideology that would not pan out in reality.


9. 
		The stickers first started showing up on gas pumps across the country last year: pictures of President Biden, usually placed to look like he is pointing to the price of the gas, with the words 'I did that!' beside him. After first spiking in popularity online months ago, the stickers are hot once again these days, thanks to recent sharp rises in gas prices—$4.33 on average for a gallon of regular. With some consumers mad enough to become sticker vigilantes and Biden's approval ratings in the dumps, there's only one real winner in this situation: the sticker profiteers themselves.


10. 
		Sign up to receive the Future Tense newsletter every other Saturday. One of the few things Vladimir Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky agree on is that Russians should not be able to log onto Facebook. Putin's regime has blocked access to the platform as part of its larger crackdown on an open internet (though for now Russians still have access to Instagram and WhatsApp, Meta's two other popular apps). And Zelensky's embattled Ukrainian government has been pressing all Western technology and communication firms to unplug Russia from the rest of the world, to underscore its status as a pariah.


