1. 
		It's a boom time for the Black Death. Interest in the bubonic plague that burned through Europe and Asia in the 14th century, and then returned in waves of outbreaks for three centuries afterward, has been rekindled during the COVID-19 era. For two years now, hot takes about the worst pandemic in history have rolled through the media landscape with the grim persistence of a Monty Python corpse collector calling out, 'Bring out your dead.' Plague most recently struck the New York Times in February ('In Medieval Europe, a Pandemic Changed Work Forever.


2. 
		'We learned, through healthy arguments, to separate the ego from the argument.' If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support. Set up manually: How does this work? We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer, click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed, check our FAQ. 
 This week, host Isaac Butler talks to Hannah Bos and Paul Thureen, writers and creators of the HBO series Somebody, Somewhere.


3. 
		Gas prices hit an all-time high this week, according to AAA, and many Americans seem to be in disbelief. It hasn't been that long: The last time we had a run of high gas prices was from 2011 to 2014. True, prices then maxed out at just under $4 a gallon. But adjusted against wages or inflation, prices felt even higher then. It was a major issue in the 2012 presidential campaign. We adapted—by fracking the hell out of the Great Plains and becoming the world's top oil producer—and the issue was basically forgotten.


4. 
		Saudi Arabia executed 81 men on Saturday in what was the kingdom's largest mass execution in its modern history. The number is astounding when you consider that Saudi Arabia executed 67 people in all of 2021 and 27 in 2020. The number is even higher than the 63 people Saudi Arabia executed in January 1980 after convicting them of seizing the Grand Mosque in Mecca a year earlier. It was far from clear why Saudi Arabia chose Saturday to execute so many people, including 73 Saudis, seven Yemenis, and one Syrian.


5. 
		A group of five West Point cadets were among six young men who overdosed on what officials believe to have been cocaine laced with the opioid fentanyl while on spring break in South Florida. Police arrived at a rental home in Wilton Manors, Fla. on Thursday and found two men performing CPR on two other men who were unconscious on the lawn. Two other men were unconscious inside the house. Although the two men who were performing CPR didn't consume the substance they went into respiratory arrest because they were exposed to it when they were performing mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.


6. 
		On a muggy late spring day in 2020, a perspiring British man drags himself down an empty street in East London. He is lugging what might as well be the weight of a pandemic-afflicted world—but, as it turns out, it's a wagon, piled with several old, heavy tube televisions. The cameras capturing this Sisyphean feat are at a socially distanced remove from the sweaty, unmasked man who, video drama aside, looks like he's actually seen some shit. Some of the video footage is from Londoners on lockdown, using their phones to capture the wagon-toting man while they anxiously peer out windows and doorways in their quarantined flats.


7. 
		The gesture from the leadership at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland was simple: As of a few weeks ago, employees could add their pronouns to their official identification for meetings. On calls and chats, the information would appear alongside their names and internal ID number. The addition of a formal field for pronouns was a show of support to gender minorities and their allies. But it didn't last. On Monday of this week, representatives from NASA Headquarters called a meeting to abruptly end the new features in their system, which they said had been rolled out as part of a pilot program.


8. 
		Sheryl Sandberg, author of the women-in-business advice book Lean In and chief operating officer of Facebook parent company 'Meta,' shared some thoughts on feminism and human rights on Tuesday. 'No two countries run by women would ever go to war,' Sandberg told CNBC's Hadley Gamble in Dubai on Tuesday during a fireside at a Cartier event marking International Women's Day.
 'I really believe that a world where women were running half our countries and companies, and men were running half our homes, would be a safer and much more prosperous world,' she said.


9. 
		Care and Feeding is Slate's parenting advice column. In addition to our traditional advice, every Thursday we feature an assortment of teachers from across the country answering your education questions. Have a question for our teachers? Email askateacher@slate.com or post it in the Slate Parenting Facebook group. I'm looking for some advice on how to get my ninth-grade boy motivated to do his homework? He used to love his schoolwork through primary school, but since he started high school, he's been in a downward spiral.


10. 
		U.S. District Judge Steven Douglas Merryday has effectively stopped the federal government from deploying a $1.8 billion warship and its 300-person crew, the Justice Department confirmed in a hearing at a federal courthouse in Tampa, Florida, on Thursday. The Navy will not deploy the ship, a guided-missile destroyer, until it can reassign the commanding officer, who refuses to get the COVID-19 vaccine. But Merryday, a George H.W. Bush nominee, is blocking the officer's reassignment, claiming the move would violate his religious freedom.


