1. 
		Maryland is planning a 30-day gas tax holiday. GOP Gov. Larry Hogan and the state's Democratic-controlled legislature announced an agreement to suspend the 37-cent-a-gallon levy on Thursday. It's the first state policy put in place to ease the high price of gas, which has climbed by almost a dollar in the last month, but probably not the last: The National Conference of State Legislatures says more than a dozen states are considering similar moves. Earlier this week, California Gov. Gavin Newsom proposed a gas tax rebate.


2. 
		Would Republicans, after joining many Democrats to successfully urge the Biden administration to bar Russian energy imports, then turn to blame Democrats in power for even higher prices at the pump? Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy chose to answer this question with committed sarcasm. 'That's not gonna happen!' Murphy told reporters on Tuesday, after President Biden announced the ban. 'I trust that Republicans are going to put the national security of this country ahead of their political interests, and are going to offer no criticism of gas prices when they go up.


3. 
		This story was produced in partnership with The Garrison Project, an independent, nonpartisan organization addressing the crisis of mass incarceration and policing. It shouldn't come as a surprise that the rise in shootings and homicides that began amidst the turmoil of 2020 has undermined support for progressive-leaning criminal legal reform. But the apparent schism within Democrats—with many moderate Democratic leaders, including the president, calling for fairly conventional policing responses to the rise in violence—may be more unexpected.


4. 
		The Supreme Court will not overturn a century of pro-democracy precedent and two centuries of historical practice to give state legislatures unlimited power over elections—yet. That's the upshot of the court's orders on Monday in two huge redistricting cases out of Pennsylvania and North Carolina. The court refused to block new congressional maps drawn by the high court of each state, declining—for now—to embrace a radical theory rejecting state courts' authority over election law. In the process, however, four justices did endorse this theory, and three attempted to blow up North Carolina's upcoming election in a dissent with terrifying implications for democracy.


5. 
		Add a few more Kumbaya sessions to the retreat. House Democrats had one big piece of business to get done this week before decamping to Philadelphia for their annual retreat: Passing a $1.5 trillion government funding bill, to which a separate $15 billion bill refilling the government's COVID-response coffers was attached. Well, let's call it a partial success. On Wednesday, in the handful of hours members had to pour over the 2,700+ page bill before voting on it, it became clear that the $15 billion in COVID-response money had been offset by clawing back some state relief funds that had been doled out in last year's American Rescue Plan.


6. 
		The initial United States response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been marked by an unusual level of unanimity in public opinion. According to an Economist/YouGov poll, Americans view Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky favorably by a 60–17 margin and believe by a 70–11 margin that Russian President Vladimir Putin is ordering the commission of war crimes. According to the Navigator group, Putin has a 'net favorability' rating of negative 79 even among Republicans. How could this happen, g


7. 
		Much has been made about the power of misinformation to undermine public health efforts to contain the coronavirus, to prevent people from getting vaccinated, or to spread baseless conspiracy theories about anything from elected officials to mobile phone technology. But what role does misinformation play in influencing voter behaviors and undermining our nation's electoral system? And how does the First Amendment enable such speech while also offering us tools for curtailing this crisis? Election law professor at University of California, Irvine, Rick Hasen, has documented the myriad threats misinformation poses to election integrity.


8. 
		The stickers first started showing up on gas pumps across the country last year: pictures of President Biden, usually placed to look like he is pointing to the price of the gas, with the words 'I did that!' beside him. After first spiking in popularity online months ago, the stickers are hot once again these days, thanks to recent sharp rises in gas prices—$4.33 on average for a gallon of regular. With some consumers mad enough to become sticker vigilantes and Biden's approval ratings in the dumps, there's only one real winner in this situation: the sticker profiteers themselves.


9. 
		Gas prices hit an all-time high this week, according to AAA, and many Americans seem to be in disbelief. It hasn't been that long: The last time we had a run of high gas prices was from 2011 to 2014. True, prices then maxed out at just under $4 a gallon. But adjusted against wages or inflation, prices felt even higher then. It was a major issue in the 2012 presidential campaign. We adapted—by fracking the hell out of the Great Plains and becoming the world's top oil producer—and the issue was basically forgotten.


10. 
		Just a few years ago, shortly after Russia invaded Crimea in 2014, the American evangelist Franklin Graham wrote admiringly, in his father's magazine, of Putin's efforts to protect children from the 'propaganda of homosexuality.' The 2014 Sochi Olympics had just ended, and the United States had included gay athletes like Billie Jean King in its official delegation to the games—in part, a rebuke to a law passed in Russia the year before that made it illegal to equate same-sex relationships with heterosexual ones.


