1. 
		One thing is increasingly clear about the war in Ukraine: It will end badly for everyone, regardless of who wins. If Russia captures Kyiv and installs a puppet president, he will face a massive, well-funded insurgency, which could last for years and kill still more Russian troops. If Ukraine keeps successfully resisting the invaders, Vladimir Putin will step up the bombing, massacring hundreds more civilians and forcing hundreds of thousands more to flee as refugees. For several days, 'peace talks' have taken place on the Ukraine-Belarus border, where Moscow's delegates propose unacceptable terms and Kyiv's delegates reject them.


2. 
		A number of American veterans are taking up arms and joining the fight in Ukraine—answering the call of the country's president, Volodymyr Zelensky, who last week announced he was creating an 'international legion' for volunteers from around the world to help defend his country against Russia. This is not illegal. U.S. citizens can join foreign militaries under certain circumstances as long as they aren't acting as mercenaries or recruited while still in the U.S., according to the Washington Post.


3. 
		A number of American veterans are taking up arms and joining the fight in Ukraine—answering the call of the country's president, Volodymyr Zelensky, who last week announced he was creating an 'international legion' for volunteers from around the world to help defend his country against Russia. This is not illegal; U.S. citizens can join foreign militaries under certain circumstances as long as they aren't acting as mercenaries or recruited while still in the U.S., according to the Washington Post.


4. 
		We all want to do our part to support Ukraine as the country defends itself against a brutal invasion by Russia. And many of us feel a little impotent right now, as we watch bombs go off on TV and refugees making a desperate escape, in the increasingly rare cases they're able. So naturally, many Americans are displaying their support the best way they know how: by purchasing, or not purchasing, consumer goods. To this I say: come on. Stop boycotting random Russian things. It's not helping. You could even argue it is making things worse.


5. 
		Retiring Rep. Adam Kinzinger said his 'biggest regret' during his time in Congress was voting against the first impeachment of former President Donald Trump. The Republican lawmaker, who is one of two Republicans on the House committee investigating the Jan. 6 Capitol riot, expressed his regret in a series of tweets Friday night in which he noted the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine has made clear the seriousness of Trump's actions. The former president was impeached for the first time in December 2019 for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress related to a phone call in which he pushed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the family of now-President Joe Biden.


6. 
		If there is one person in Russia who is more unhappy than Vladimir Putin to watch Russian troops underperform as they struggle to encircle Kyiv, it is likely Vladimir Medinsky. Unfortunately, that is also the person Putin chose to lead the Russian delegation in talks with Ukraine. Many have rightly insisted that Russia and Ukraine must arrive at a diplomatic solution to end this war. But Medinsky has already sought to use these talks to justify further hostilities. Russian shelling shattered hopes this past weekend for a humanitarian corridor, which had been the only real diplomatic victory of the previous week's worth of negotiations.


7. 
		Like a lot of other journalists in Ukraine, Romeo Kokriatski is working hard day in and day out to explain the slow trudge of war. Kokriatski is the managing editor of a website called the New Voice of Ukraine, and he lived in Kyiv until he fled the capital a few days ago. He actually grew up in Jackson Heights, Queens, spending summers in Ukraine with his grandma learning about the history of his homeland. Kokriatski's story tells you something important about this country and how it's been able to hold off Russian forces so far.


8. 
		The initial United States response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been marked by an unusual level of unanimity in public opinion. According to an Economist/YouGov poll, Americans view Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky favorably by a 60–17 margin and believe by a 70–11 margin that Russian President Vladimir Putin is ordering the commission of war crimes. According to the Navigator group, Putin has a 'net favorability' rating of negative 79 even among Republicans. How could this happen, g


9. 
		In its war with Russia, Ukraine may be outmatched in terms of sheer numbers and military resources, but it appears to have the upper hand in soliciting goodwill from the rest of the world. Its telegenic president Volodymyr Zelenskyy has been eliciting comparisons to Winston Churchill with his stirring speeches. Stories of heroism and grit coming out of the country have been catnip for social media. However, one of the country's latest publicity tactics may have crossed a line. Over the weekend, Ukraine's Ministry of Internal Affairs began posting videos on sites like YouTube and Twitter of what appear to be captured Russian soldiers giving testimonials to interrogators about the misinformation they'd been hearing from the Kremlin justifying the war.


10. 
		Sign up to receive the Future Tense newsletter every other Saturday. One of the few things Vladimir Putin and Volodymyr Zelensky agree on is that Russians should not be able to log onto Facebook. Putin's regime has blocked access to the platform as part of its larger crackdown on an open internet (though for now Russians still have access to Instagram and WhatsApp, Meta's two other popular apps). And Zelensky's embattled Ukrainian government has been pressing all Western technology and communication firms to unplug Russia from the rest of the world, to underscore its status as a pariah.


