1. 
		U.S. District Judge Steven Douglas Merryday has effectively stopped the federal government from deploying a $1.8 billion warship and its 300-person crew, the Justice Department confirmed in a hearing at a federal courthouse in Tampa, Florida, on Thursday. The Navy will not deploy the ship, a guided-missile destroyer, until it can reassign the commanding officer, who refuses to get the COVID-19 vaccine. But Merryday, a George H.W. Bush nominee, is blocking the officer's reassignment, claiming the move would violate his religious freedom.


2. 
		The initial United States response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been marked by an unusual level of unanimity in public opinion. According to an Economist/YouGov poll, Americans view Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky favorably by a 60–17 margin and believe by a 70–11 margin that Russian President Vladimir Putin is ordering the commission of war crimes. According to the Navigator group, Putin has a 'net favorability' rating of negative 79 even among Republicans. How could this happen, g


3. 
		Dear Prudence is online weekly to chat live with readers. Here's an edited transcript of this week's chat. Jenée Desmond-Harris: Hi! Aside from having lost an hour of sleep this weekend when we set the clocks forward, how's everyone doing? Tell me what's on your mind. Q. Home is where the Wi-Fi is: Our neighbors have made an absurd request and my partner and I are disagreeing on how to respond. Today the neighbors approached my partner with the request that we turn off our Wi-Fi at night because they have a family member in their house with medical issues and they believe the Wi-Fi 'waves' are interfering with the family member's sleep.


4. 
		Much has been made about the power of misinformation to undermine public health efforts to contain the coronavirus, to prevent people from getting vaccinated, or to spread baseless conspiracy theories about anything from elected officials to mobile phone technology. But what role does misinformation play in influencing voter behaviors and undermining our nation's electoral system? And how does the First Amendment enable such speech while also offering us tools for curtailing this crisis? Election law professor at University of California, Irvine, Rick Hasen, has documented the myriad threats misinformation poses to election integrity.


5. 
		During a documentary interview in 1996, back when he was a little-known political functionary, Vladimir Putin offered an eerie warning about Russia's future. 'However sad and however frightening it may sound, I think that in our country a return to a certain period of totalitarian rule is possible,' he said. 'The danger,' he added, 'is not to be found in the organs that provide order, the police or even the army. It is a danger at our summit, in the mentality of our people, our nation.' Well over a decade later, while speaking as president during a nationally televised Q&A in 2012, Putin once again mused about the possibility of totalitarian rule.


6. 
		Care and Feeding is Slate's parenting advice column. Have a question for Care and Feeding? Submit it here or post it in the Slate Parenting Facebook group. Dear Care and Feeding, I am married to a Ukrainian, and I'm worried about her. She has a day job, and now she gets home and coordinates a myriad of online friends and neighbors with translations of the current news so that she can share information with them. Of course, the news is horrible, and of course the images are awful—kids our children's age hunkered down in bunkers.


