1. 
		Would Republicans, after joining many Democrats to successfully urge the Biden administration to bar Russian energy imports, then turn to blame Democrats in power for even higher prices at the pump? Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy chose to answer this question with committed sarcasm. 'That's not gonna happen!' Murphy told reporters on Tuesday, after President Biden announced the ban. 'I trust that Republicans are going to put the national security of this country ahead of their political interests, and are going to offer no criticism of gas prices when they go up.


2. 
		The initial United States response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been marked by an unusual level of unanimity in public opinion. According to an Economist/YouGov poll, Americans view Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky favorably by a 60–17 margin and believe by a 70–11 margin that Russian President Vladimir Putin is ordering the commission of war crimes. According to the Navigator group, Putin has a 'net favorability' rating of negative 79 even among Republicans. How could this happen, g


3. 
		Retiring Rep. Adam Kinzinger said his 'biggest regret' during his time in Congress was voting against the first impeachment of former President Donald Trump. The Republican lawmaker, who is one of two Republicans on the House committee investigating the Jan. 6 Capitol riot, expressed his regret in a series of tweets Friday night in which he noted the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine has made clear the seriousness of Trump's actions. The former president was impeached for the first time in December 2019 for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress related to a phone call in which he pushed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the family of now-President Joe Biden.


4. 
		The Supreme Court will not overturn a century of pro-democracy precedent and two centuries of historical practice to give state legislatures unlimited power over elections—yet. That's the upshot of the court's orders on Monday in two huge redistricting cases out of Pennsylvania and North Carolina. The court refused to block new congressional maps drawn by the high court of each state, declining—for now—to embrace a radical theory rejecting state courts' authority over election law. In the process, however, four justices did endorse this theory, and three attempted to blow up North Carolina's upcoming election in a dissent with terrifying implications for democracy.


5. 
		Add a few more Kumbaya sessions to the retreat. House Democrats had one big piece of business to get done this week before decamping to Philadelphia for their annual retreat: Passing a $1.5 trillion government funding bill, to which a separate $15 billion bill refilling the government's COVID-response coffers was attached. Well, let's call it a partial success. On Wednesday, in the handful of hours members had to pour over the 2,700+ page bill before voting on it, it became clear that the $15 billion in COVID-response money had been offset by clawing back some state relief funds that had been doled out in last year's American Rescue Plan.


6. 
		A judge in Texas temporarily blocked the state from investigating gender-affirming care for transgender youth as child abuse. District Judge Amy Clark Meachum issued a temporary injunction Friday that blocks the state from enforcing Gov. Greg Abbott's directive that calls on the Department of Family and Protective Services to investigate parents if they receive reports that they're allowing their children to receive medical treatment to transition genders. If allowed to go forward, the Republican governor's order would endanger children and their families, the judge said.


7. 
		Sheryl Sandberg, author of the women-in-business advice book Lean In and chief operating officer of Facebook parent company 'Meta,' shared some thoughts on feminism and human rights on Tuesday. 'No two countries run by women would ever go to war,' Sandberg told CNBC's Hadley Gamble in Dubai on Tuesday during a fireside at a Cartier event marking International Women's Day.
 'I really believe that a world where women were running half our countries and companies, and men were running half our homes, would be a safer and much more prosperous world,' she said.


8. 
		In the last six years, confidence in our fragile election system in the United States has been battered by a flood of election misinformation and disinformation spread on social media, cable television stations, podcasts, and videos. Headed into the 2022 elections, now is the time for Congress and states to pass meaningful reforms to shore up that confidence and help preserve American democracy. Although partisan gridlock and fights over the fairness of the 2020 election already make new legislation a longshot, the biggest impediment may well be a supermajority of conservative justices on the Supreme Court, whose part-time libertarian views of the First Amendment could doom meaningful reform.


9. 
		The stickers first started showing up on gas pumps across the country last year: pictures of President Biden, usually placed to look like he is pointing to the price of the gas, with the words 'I did that!' beside him. After first spiking in popularity online months ago, the stickers are hot once again these days, thanks to recent sharp rises in gas prices—$4.33 on average for a gallon of regular. With some consumers mad enough to become sticker vigilantes and Biden's approval ratings in the dumps, there's only one real winner in this situation: the sticker profiteers themselves.


10. 
		Maryland is planning a 30-day gas tax holiday. GOP Gov. Larry Hogan and the state's Democratic-controlled legislature announced an agreement to suspend the 37-cent-a-gallon levy on Thursday. It's the first state policy put in place to ease the high price of gas, which has climbed by almost a dollar in the last month, but probably not the last: The National Conference of State Legislatures says more than a dozen states are considering similar moves. Earlier this week, California Gov. Gavin Newsom proposed a gas tax rebate.


