1. 
		Retiring Rep. Adam Kinzinger said his 'biggest regret' during his time in Congress was voting against the first impeachment of former President Donald Trump. The Republican lawmaker, who is one of two Republicans on the House committee investigating the Jan. 6 Capitol riot, expressed his regret in a series of tweets Friday night in which he noted the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine has made clear the seriousness of Trump's actions. The former president was impeached for the first time in December 2019 for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress related to a phone call in which he pushed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the family of now-President Joe Biden.


2. 
		Last week, a dense legal filing from California went public. According to the New York Times, in the filing, lawyers for the House committee investigating Jan. 6 'laid out their theory of a potential criminal case against' Donald Trump: 'They said they had accumulated evidence demonstrating that Mr. Trump, the conservative lawyer John Eastman and other allies could potentially be charged with criminal violations,' and maybe even fraud. This isn't a direct indictment or a criminal charge. But the committee wants to see if more documents from Eastman—a key figure in the events leading up to Jan.


3. 
		Add a few more Kumbaya sessions to the retreat. House Democrats had one big piece of business to get done this week before decamping to Philadelphia for their annual retreat: Passing a $1.5 trillion government funding bill, to which a separate $15 billion bill refilling the government's COVID-response coffers was attached. Well, let's call it a partial success. On Wednesday, in the handful of hours members had to pour over the 2,700+ page bill before voting on it, it became clear that the $15 billion in COVID-response money had been offset by clawing back some state relief funds that had been doled out in last year's American Rescue Plan.


4. 
		In the last six years, confidence in our fragile election system in the United States has been battered by a flood of election misinformation and disinformation spread on social media, cable television stations, podcasts, and videos. Headed into the 2022 elections, now is the time for Congress and states to pass meaningful reforms to shore up that confidence and help preserve American democracy. Although partisan gridlock and fights over the fairness of the 2020 election already make new legislation a longshot, the biggest impediment may well be a supermajority of conservative justices on the Supreme Court, whose part-time libertarian views of the First Amendment could doom meaningful reform.


5. 
		Will the former president be held accountable for efforts to overturn the 2020 election? If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support. Set up manually: How does this work? We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer, click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed, check our FAQ.


6. 
		Will the former president be held accountable for efforts to overturn the 2020 election? If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support. Set up manually: How does this work? We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer, click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed, check our FAQ.


7. 
		Much has been made about the power of misinformation to undermine public health efforts to contain the coronavirus, to prevent people from getting vaccinated, or to spread baseless conspiracy theories about anything from elected officials to mobile phone technology. But what role does misinformation play in influencing voter behaviors and undermining our nation's electoral system? And how does the First Amendment enable such speech while also offering us tools for curtailing this crisis? Election law professor at University of California, Irvine, Rick Hasen, has documented the myriad threats misinformation poses to election integrity.


8. 
		Just a few years ago, shortly after Russia invaded Crimea in 2014, the American evangelist Franklin Graham wrote admiringly, in his father's magazine, of Putin's efforts to protect children from the 'propaganda of homosexuality.' The 2014 Sochi Olympics had just ended, and the United States had included gay athletes like Billie Jean King in its official delegation to the games—in part, a rebuke to a law passed in Russia the year before that made it illegal to equate same-sex relationships with heterosexual ones.


9. 
		The initial United States response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been marked by an unusual level of unanimity in public opinion. According to an Economist/YouGov poll, Americans view Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky favorably by a 60–17 margin and believe by a 70–11 margin that Russian President Vladimir Putin is ordering the commission of war crimes. According to the Navigator group, Putin has a 'net favorability' rating of negative 79 even among Republicans. How could this happen, g


10. 
		The stickers first started showing up on gas pumps across the country last year: pictures of President Biden, usually placed to look like he is pointing to the price of the gas, with the words 'I did that!' beside him. After first spiking in popularity online months ago, the stickers are hot once again these days, thanks to recent sharp rises in gas prices—$4.33 on average for a gallon of regular. With some consumers mad enough to become sticker vigilantes and Biden's approval ratings in the dumps, there's only one real winner in this situation: the sticker profiteers themselves.


