1. 
		The Supreme Court will not overturn a century of pro-democracy precedent and two centuries of historical practice to give state legislatures unlimited power over elections—yet. That's the upshot of the court's orders on Monday in two huge redistricting cases out of Pennsylvania and North Carolina. The court refused to block new congressional maps drawn by the high court of each state, declining—for now—to embrace a radical theory rejecting state courts' authority over election law. In the process, however, four justices did endorse this theory, and three attempted to blow up North Carolina's upcoming election in a dissent with terrifying implications for democracy.


2. 
		In the last six years, confidence in our fragile election system in the United States has been battered by a flood of election misinformation and disinformation spread on social media, cable television stations, podcasts, and videos. Headed into the 2022 elections, now is the time for Congress and states to pass meaningful reforms to shore up that confidence and help preserve American democracy. Although partisan gridlock and fights over the fairness of the 2020 election already make new legislation a longshot, the biggest impediment may well be a supermajority of conservative justices on the Supreme Court, whose part-time libertarian views of the First Amendment could doom meaningful reform.


3. 
		Much has been made about the power of misinformation to undermine public health efforts to contain the coronavirus, to prevent people from getting vaccinated, or to spread baseless conspiracy theories about anything from elected officials to mobile phone technology. But what role does misinformation play in influencing voter behaviors and undermining our nation's electoral system? And how does the First Amendment enable such speech while also offering us tools for curtailing this crisis? Election law professor at University of California, Irvine, Rick Hasen, has documented the myriad threats misinformation poses to election integrity.


4. 
		Will the former president be held accountable for efforts to overturn the 2020 election? If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support. Set up manually: How does this work? We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer, click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed, check our FAQ.


5. 
		Will the former president be held accountable for efforts to overturn the 2020 election? If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support. Set up manually: How does this work? We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer, click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed, check our FAQ.


6. 
		This story was produced in partnership with The Garrison Project, an independent, nonpartisan organization addressing the crisis of mass incarceration and policing. It shouldn't come as a surprise that the rise in shootings and homicides that began amidst the turmoil of 2020 has undermined support for progressive-leaning criminal legal reform. But the apparent schism within Democrats—with many moderate Democratic leaders, including the president, calling for fairly conventional policing responses to the rise in violence—may be more unexpected.


7. 
		The initial United States response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been marked by an unusual level of unanimity in public opinion. According to an Economist/YouGov poll, Americans view Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky favorably by a 60–17 margin and believe by a 70–11 margin that Russian President Vladimir Putin is ordering the commission of war crimes. According to the Navigator group, Putin has a 'net favorability' rating of negative 79 even among Republicans. How could this happen, g


8. 
		Last week, a dense legal filing from California went public. According to the New York Times, in the filing, lawyers for the House committee investigating Jan. 6 'laid out their theory of a potential criminal case against' Donald Trump: 'They said they had accumulated evidence demonstrating that Mr. Trump, the conservative lawyer John Eastman and other allies could potentially be charged with criminal violations,' and maybe even fraud. This isn't a direct indictment or a criminal charge. But the committee wants to see if more documents from Eastman—a key figure in the events leading up to Jan.


9. 
		A judge in Texas temporarily blocked the state from investigating gender-affirming care for transgender youth as child abuse. District Judge Amy Clark Meachum issued a temporary injunction Friday that blocks the state from enforcing Gov. Greg Abbott's directive that calls on the Department of Family and Protective Services to investigate parents if they receive reports that they're allowing their children to receive medical treatment to transition genders. If allowed to go forward, the Republican governor's order would endanger children and their families, the judge said.


10. 
		The stickers first started showing up on gas pumps across the country last year: pictures of President Biden, usually placed to look like he is pointing to the price of the gas, with the words 'I did that!' beside him. After first spiking in popularity online months ago, the stickers are hot once again these days, thanks to recent sharp rises in gas prices—$4.33 on average for a gallon of regular. With some consumers mad enough to become sticker vigilantes and Biden's approval ratings in the dumps, there's only one real winner in this situation: the sticker profiteers themselves.


