1. 
		In February, when the United States and Europe first slammed down economic sanctions on Russia in retaliation for its invasion of Ukraine, they carved out a huge exception for the country's energy sales. Vladimir Putin's nation is one of the world's most important exporters of oil and natural gas, and Western leaders worried that twisting the spigot shut would cause fuel prices to soar, risking political and economic trouble in their own countries. Now, however, the White House has decided to turn off the tap—at least here in the U.


2. 
		Would Republicans, after joining many Democrats to successfully urge the Biden administration to bar Russian energy imports, then turn to blame Democrats in power for even higher prices at the pump? Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy chose to answer this question with committed sarcasm. 'That's not gonna happen!' Murphy told reporters on Tuesday, after President Biden announced the ban. 'I trust that Republicans are going to put the national security of this country ahead of their political interests, and are going to offer no criticism of gas prices when they go up.


3. 
		The stickers first started showing up on gas pumps across the country last year: pictures of President Biden, usually placed to look like he is pointing to the price of the gas, with the words 'I did that!' beside him. After first spiking in popularity online months ago, the stickers are hot once again these days, thanks to recent sharp rises in gas prices—$4.33 on average for a gallon of regular. With some consumers mad enough to become sticker vigilantes and Biden's approval ratings in the dumps, there's only one real winner in this situation: the sticker profiteers themselves.


4. 
		The initial United States response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine has been marked by an unusual level of unanimity in public opinion. According to an Economist/YouGov poll, Americans view Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky favorably by a 60–17 margin and believe by a 70–11 margin that Russian President Vladimir Putin is ordering the commission of war crimes. According to the Navigator group, Putin has a 'net favorability' rating of negative 79 even among Republicans. How could this happen, g


5. 
		Gas prices hit an all-time high this week, according to AAA, and many Americans seem to be in disbelief. It hasn't been that long: The last time we had a run of high gas prices was from 2011 to 2014. True, prices then maxed out at just under $4 a gallon. But adjusted against wages or inflation, prices felt even higher then. It was a major issue in the 2012 presidential campaign. We adapted—by fracking the hell out of the Great Plains and becoming the world's top oil producer—and the issue was basically forgotten.


6. 
		Retiring Rep. Adam Kinzinger said his 'biggest regret' during his time in Congress was voting against the first impeachment of former President Donald Trump. The Republican lawmaker, who is one of two Republicans on the House committee investigating the Jan. 6 Capitol riot, expressed his regret in a series of tweets Friday night in which he noted the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine has made clear the seriousness of Trump's actions. The former president was impeached for the first time in December 2019 for abuse of power and obstruction of Congress related to a phone call in which he pushed Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the family of now-President Joe Biden.


7. 
		U.S. District Judge Steven Douglas Merryday has effectively stopped the federal government from deploying a $1.8 billion warship and its 300-person crew, the Justice Department confirmed in a hearing at a federal courthouse in Tampa, Florida, on Thursday. The Navy will not deploy the ship, a guided-missile destroyer, until it can reassign the commanding officer, who refuses to get the COVID-19 vaccine. But Merryday, a George H.W. Bush nominee, is blocking the officer's reassignment, claiming the move would violate his religious freedom.


8. 
		This week, Anita Hill appeared on Slate's Amicus podcast to discuss next week's history-making confirmation hearings for Judge Ketanji Brown Jackson—a watershed moment for American jurisprudence as the president seeks to confirm the first Black women to the US Supreme Court. Hill talked about the possibility for these hearings to restore the declining legitimacy of the high court and how ideas about judicial objectivity and neutrality are still mired in racist and sexist ideas about the ways judges think.


9. 
		Much has been made about the power of misinformation to undermine public health efforts to contain the coronavirus, to prevent people from getting vaccinated, or to spread baseless conspiracy theories about anything from elected officials to mobile phone technology. But what role does misinformation play in influencing voter behaviors and undermining our nation's electoral system? And how does the First Amendment enable such speech while also offering us tools for curtailing this crisis? Election law professor at University of California, Irvine, Rick Hasen, has documented the myriad threats misinformation poses to election integrity.


