1. 
		Fox News host Sean Hannity accused President Biden of "lying to the American people" by insisting that the record-high inflation rate is the fault of Russian President Vladimir Putin, instead of accepting responsibility for a crisis of his own doing.Hannity began his show Monday reacting to the mounting crisis in Ukraine, calling the West's response a symptom of Biden's "pathetic, feckless, weakness."BIDEN: SAYS HE 'CAN'T DO MUCH RIGHT NOW' TO LOWER SOARING GAS PRICES, ‘RUSSIA'S RESPONSIBLE' President Biden at the White House in Washington, March 4, 2022.


2. 
		Last summer, Vladimir Putin and the rest of the world watched President Biden's embarrassing withdrawal from Afghanistan that abandoned thousands of Americans behind enemy lines, as well as our Afghan allies, and allowed the Taliban to quickly take control of that country while leaving them more than $80 billion in the world's best military equipment. That decision certainly helped convince Putin that he didn't need to fear America under the Biden administration. However, the roots of Russia's invasion of Ukraine go much further back.


3. 
		Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., explained the connection between the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine and recent talks by President Biden to revive the nuclear deal with Iran.As Russia continues their invasion into Ukraine, the Biden administration has been trying to negotiate a new nuclear deal with Iran. Despite Biden's rhetoric of isolating Russia from the world community for its actions in Ukraine, the country is still a major player in Iran nuclear talks.RUSSIA INVADES UKRAINE: LIVE UPDATES "The failed Iran nuclear deal is closely related to Russia's war on Ukraine," Cotton said.


4. 
		President Biden on Monday said Russian President Vladimir Putin and the COVID-19 pandemic are to blame for record-high inflation in the United States and maintained that rising prices have "nothing to do" with his administration's policies.The president spoke Monday at the National League of Cities Congressional Cities Conference and addressed the increase in U.S. gas prices, as well as every day household items.RUSSIA INVADES UKRAINE: LIVE UPDATES"We know that families are still struggling with higher prices," Biden said.


5. 
		Right now, the Ukrainian people are locked in a desperate struggle against Russian invaders. Their courage in the face of Russia's brutal onslaught stands in stark contrast to the weakness in the White House.While President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has rallied his people to defend their homeland, President Biden has responded with timidity and half-measures.Most recently, Biden rejected a plan to deliver Polish MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine. The Ukrainians are in dire need of aircraft and spare parts to prevent Russia from gaining air supremacy, but the president refused to give the Ukrainians these valuable tools when they were practically handed to him by one of our strongest allies, Poland.


6. 
		The Hill was slammed by critics over the weekend for using the phrase "Republicans seize" to describe efforts by the party to criticize President Biden and the Democrats over the rapidly rising cost of gas.In a Saturday piece headlined "Republicans seize on rising gas prices amid Ukraine conflict," The Hill dusted off the age-old cliché as it appeared to lament down-ballot Republicans across the country using the soaring cost of refueling a vehicle "to go on the offensive" against Democrats, in turn posing a challenge for the president's party heading into this year's midterm elections.


7. 
		A group of 49 Republican senators on Monday said they will not support the Biden administration's new nuclear deal with Iran, vowing to "reverse" any agreement that weakens sanctions and lessens restrictions on Tehran's nuclear program.Every Republican senator except Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky signed on to a statement Monday directed to President Biden, Democrats and the international community, warning that a "major agreement that does not have strong bipartisan support in Congress will not survive.


8. 
		President Biden turned to both The New York Times and The Washington Post for defense of his energy policy as Republicans have been taking aim at his administration for the spike in gas prices.During his remarks at the House Democratic Caucus Issues Conference, Biden argued that a "big reason" for the record-high inflation was Russian President Vladimir Putin and pinned the soaring gas prices on his geopolitical rival despite being dogged by the two issues long before Russia's invasion of Ukraine.


9. 
		The Middle East has taken center stage this week as oil prices continue to skyrocket and western nations look to boycott Moscow over its deadly invasion into Ukraine.But the Biden administration's attempts to garner support from oil-rich nations to assist Ukraine and counter prices at the pump has been met with resistance, the result of what some argue is long-standing mistrust of the U.S. from nations like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE).According to recent reports, President Biden was rebuffed by the two nations' leaders when he attempted to arrange calls with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and the UAE's Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan.


10. 
		The Democratic National Committee reportedly pulled in more than $14 million last month despite sagging poll numbers ahead of the November midterms. Sources familiar with the fundraising told NBC News the $14 million figure was nearly double the DNC's February goal and roughly split 50-50 between large and grassroots donors.  President Joe Biden speaks at the National League of Cities Congressional City Conference, Monday, March 14, 2022, in Washington.  (AP Photo/Patrick Semansky)The news, if confirmed in the DNC's public filing due next week, comes the day President Biden is scheduled to attend his first in-person Democratic fundraising event since taking over the White House.


