1. 
		The U.S. Army has granted a soldier a permanent religion-based exemption from getting the mandatory COVID-19 vaccine. New service data published on Friday showed the Army's updated COVID-19 vaccination statistics and exemption requests as of March 10, 2022, including 536 disapproved religion-based exemptions and 3,760 requests. COVID LOCKDOWNS MAY BE ENDING, BUT WE ARE FOREVER CHANGEDThere have been 2,791 refusals and 3,183 official reprimands, according to the exemption chart, and seven permanent medical exemptions have been approved.


2. 
		March 9, 2022 – SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Los Angeles and San Francisco officials took steps Wednesday to end requirements that certain businesses require patrons to show proof of full vaccination as new cases of COVID-19 and hospitalizations continued falling.The Los Angeles City Council ordered the city attorney to craft an ordinance that makes vaccine verification voluntary for indoor areas of businesses such as bars, restaurants and gyms, and eliminates proof of vaccination for large outdoor events.


3. 
		Florida Surgeon General Dr. Joseph Ladapo's announcement that the state would recommend healthy children not get the coronavirus vaccine generated a strong media reaction on Monday.Ladapo made the remarks at the end of a COVID-19 policy roundtable with Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, R., whose coronavirus policies against mask and vaccine mandates have won him national admirers, as well as strong detractors.Ladapo said Florida is "going to be the first state to officially recommend against the COVID-19 vaccine for healthy children.


4. 
		With COVID-19 cases, hospitalizations and deaths falling around the U.S., more cities and states have moved to lift pandemic restrictions this week. On Wednesday, officials in Los Angeles took steps to end requirements patrons to show proof of full vaccination at certain businesses.The Los Angeles City Council ordered the city attorney to devise an ordinance that makes vaccine verification voluntary for indoor businesses, like bars and gyms. CDC DIRECTOR EXPECTS COVID-19 TO BECOME A 'SEASONAL VIRUS'It also eliminates proof of vacation requirements for large outdoor events.


5. 
		CNN medical analyst Dr. Jonathan Reiner mimicked many other media outlets in condemnation against Florida surgeon general Dr. Joseph Ladapo on Wednesday.Appearing on "The Lead with Jake Tapper," Reiner took part in a discussion on Florida's latest health guidance that recommended healthy children should not receive the COVID-19 vaccine.DC PARENT CALLS ON MAYOR TO ‘UNMASK KIDS AFTER ‘IGNORING' SCHOOL MASK-WEARING GUIDANCE  KISSIMMEE, FLORIDA, UNITED STATES - 2021/09/22: Newly appointed state Surgeon General Dr.


6. 
		Israeli health officials have identified the country's first case of polio in decades, according to reports. An unvaccinated child, 4, from Jerusalem, contracted the highly transmissible virus, making it the first polio case in Israel since 1988, the Israeli Health Ministry said Sunday.The Jerusalem District Health Bureau launched an epidemiological investigation and will be reaching out to people who were in close contact with the child, the ministry said, according to the Times of Israel. UKRAINE WAR CONDITIONS BECOME BREEDING GROUND FOR INFECTIOUS DIESEASE OUTBREAKS A Yemeni health worker holds a vial containing the polio vaccine during a vaccination campaign in Yemen's third city of Taez, on Feb.


7. 
		With COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations continuing to fall significantly across the U.S., local, state and territory governments and schools have begun to remove mask mandates. The governor of Puerto Rico announced Monday that he would end a requirement for mask use indoors. BIDEN ANNOUNCES NEW COVID-19 INITIATIVE AT STATE OF THE UNION ADDRESSThe shift on the island will take effect on Thursday and domestic travelers will no longer have to present proof of vaccination or a negative coronavirus test or fill out a currently required form beginning on March 10.


8. 
		Board-certified radiologist and Fox News Medical contributor Dr. Nicole Saphier joins Fox Across America With Jimmy Failla to react to Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla saying a fourth dose of the COVID-19 vaccine will be necessary.
'For those people who are young and healthy, for vaccinated or have already recovered from COVID-19, have some level of immunity, they don't have risk factors, they probably won't benefit much from a fourth dose, in the face of Omicron and most likely from future variants. Now, Pfizer is working on a couple of things right now.


9. 
		How has the COVID-19 pandemic changed after two years?More countries are shifting toward a return to normal and learning to live with the virus. Safe, effective vaccines have been developed and there's better understanding of how to treat people sickened by the virus.REPUBLICANS DEMAND TSA ALLOW COVID MASK MANDATE TO EXPIRETwo years after the pandemic began, questions remain about the coronavirus. But experts know a lot more about how to keep it under control.The virus mainly spreads through the air when an infected person exhales, talks, coughs or sneezes.


10. 
		NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

Former President Barack Obama announced Sunday he tested positive for COVID-19.

"I just tested positive for COVID. I've had a scratchy throat for a couple days, but am feeling fine otherwise. Michelle and I are grateful to be vaccinated and boosted, and she has tested negative," Obama said in a tweet.

"It's a reminder to get vaccinated if you haven't already, even as cases go down," the former president added.

This story is breaking and will be updated.


