1. 
		Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is expected to address members of Congress on Wednesday, as Russia continues its multi-front war against Ukraine.In a letter to members of Congress Monday, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said the United States "and the world are in awe of the people of Ukraine, who have shown extraordinary courage, resilience and determination in the face of Russia's unprovoked, vicious and illegal war."RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR: LIVE UPDATES"As war rages on in Ukraine, it is with great respect and admiration for the Ukrainian people that we invite all Members of the House and Senate to attend a Virtual Address to the United States Congress delivered by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine on Wednesday, March 16th at 9:00 a.


2. 
		A growing and bipartisan group in Congress is pushing President Biden to facilitate the transfer of Poland's MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine amid Russia's brutal invasion, despite statements by the U.S. military that such a move would be high-risk, low-reward. The White House is leaning on that position from the military in its opposition to providing the jets, including that Ukraine does not really need the aircraft. But Biden already ceded to pressure from Congress to take a tougher stance against Russia multiple times since the war started.


3. 
		On an address early Tuesday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy predicted victory over Russian President Vladimir Putin's forces in Ukraine and offered Russian troops a "chance to survive" by surrendering."The 19th day of our resistance is over. Historical war. Another difficult day, which is still approaching our victory. Approaching peace for Ukraine," Zelenskyy began, according to his presidential office.He noted that "the enemy is confused" and did not expect stiff resistance. "Their soldiers know this.


4. 
		As the Russian invasion of Ukraine continues past the two-week mark, the number of civilians who are fleeing is increasing.Since Feb. 24, 2022, more than 2.5 million refugees have fled Ukraine, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the UN Refuge Agency, which is headquartered in Geneva.   RUSSIA INVADES UKRAINE: LIVE UPDATESMore than a million of those refugees are children, many of whom are unaccompanied, UNICEF said on Thursday."The number of children on the move is staggering, an indication of how desperate the situation for children and families in Ukraine has become," UNICEF Regional Director for Europe and Central Asia Afshan Khan said this week in a statement.


5. 
		Veronika Shchiptsova, head of the National Committee for the Miss Ukraine beauty pageant, is in disbelief over the horror her war-torn country and its civilians are facing at the hands of Russian soldiers and their President Vladimir Putin.As the head of Ukraine's annual beauty contest, Shchiptsova efforts effort charitable and social initiatives and cultural projects with her team. But over the last two weeks, the committee leader has been focused on what her team can do to help innocent civilians whose lives have been threatened, and even worse, taken.


6. 
		The Ukraine government is showing movies to residents sheltering in the Kyiv metro stations due to the Russian invasion of the country.A Ukraine government agency is showing the movies in hopes that they will help mentally support the residents who are sheltering in the metro stations, according to a government Telegram.The underground metro stations in Ukraine's capital city of Kyiv are being used as shelters for residents needing a safe place to go during the Russian invasion of the country.RUSSIA BOMBS MATERNITY AND CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL IN UKRAINE: LIVE UPDATES The Ukraine government is showing movies to residents who are sheltering in the Kyiv metro stations due to the Russian invasion of the country.


7. 
		Defying all expectations, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has bravely led his nation in a fierce resistance against Russia's unprovoked military aggression.  Zelenskyy has remained defiant, declaring to Russia and the world that he is staying put, providing a much-needed morale boost to his troops and citizens as they face invasion from one of the world's largest militaries.  In this photo, Feb. 27, 2022, taken from video provided by the Ukrainian Presidential Press Office, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy speaks to the nation in Kyiv, Ukraine.


8. 
		Russian prisoners of war will eventually be used to "restore Ukraine's economy" in accordance with the Geneva Conventions, Ukraine's Ministry of Internal Affairs said Tuesday. Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs Yevhen Yenin made the announcement during a Ukrainian telethon broadcast. Yenin said Ukraine would comply with all norms of international humanitarian law."And this is what distinguishes us from the Russian aggressor, who shoots at civilians, strikes rockets and bombs at homes," Yenin said in a translated post on the ministry's Facebook page.


9. 
		President Biden authorized $200 million in new security assistance to Ukraine, a White House official told Fox News, bringing total defense aid for Ukraine to $1.2 billion in the last year.Biden's authorization comes after a public disagreement with Poland on sending fighter jets to Ukraine. The U.S. has been flowing weapons into Ukraine but balked at transferring MiGs, saying Russia would see such a move as escalatory.RUSSIA INVADES UKRAINE: LIVE UPDATESNonetheless, Moscow warned Saturday that it views any weapons deliveries into Ukraine as "legitimate targets.


10. 
		Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger essentially predicted the current situation that led to Russia's invasion of Ukraine in a chilling op-ed published eight years ago. Kissinger penned an op-ed in the Washington Post on March 5, 2014 headlined, "To settle the Ukraine crisis, start at the end," which details much of what has unfolded as Russia's attack continues. "Public discussion on Ukraine is all about confrontation. But do we know where we are going? In my life, I have seen four wars begun with great enthusiasm and public support, all of which we did not know how to end and from three of which we withdrew unilaterally.


