1. 
		PHILADELPHIA – President Biden on Friday said skyrocketing inflation "is largely the fault of" Russian President Vladimir Putin, despite the fact that inflation began rising well before Putin's invasion of Ukraine. Economists have said that Democrats' $1.9 trillion spending bill last year helped fuel the inflation surge.  Biden addressed the House Democrats at their member retreat in Philadelphia where he touched on the rising inflation across the US, laying the blame of inflation at Putin's feet amid his war in Ukraine as well as the COVID-19 pandemic.


2. 
		Listen To The Full Interview Below:

Larry Kudlow, host of Fox Business Network's 'Kudlow' joined the Guy Benson Show to react to the global economic effects of the Russia-Ukraine war and the new red hot inflation numbers, showing inflation reaching a four-decade high.
Larry gave his take on the latest inflation metrics saying, 
'I'll just tell you, guy, it's going to be very difficult to stop this. Very difficult. It's going to take several years. There's going to be a lot of pain in the economy.


3. 
		You can bring the magic of an Irish pub home with an inflatable bar that can be set up in your backyard. It can be done with The PaddyWagon Inflatable Pub, a 30-foot-by-30-foot entertainment structure that can fit up to 80 people at a time.ST. PATRICK'S DAY: THE HISTORY BEHIND THE HOLIDAY IN THE UNITED STATESThe inflatable mobile bar, which was created by The Paddy Wagon Pub, is designed to look like a traditional Irish pub and features a printed brick and gabled roof exterior with windows and chimneys.


4. 
		The White House is facing backlash after blaming inflation and record-high gas prices in the United States on Russian President Vladimir Putin. The "Fox & Friends" co-hosts sounded off Friday morning on the administration refusing to take accountability for the rising costs.In a statement Thursday, the White House acknowledged American families are feeling the impact of inflation, but officials instead referred to inflation as "Putin's price hike." KELLYANNE CONWAY: THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION HAS A ‘FACT PROBLEM'"Do they just think we're dumb?" Ainsley Earhardt asked Friday.


5. 
		A recent Washington Post column argued that Democrats "appear to be in denial" about inflation. Inflation hit a record high at 7.9 percent in February, and Americans have been noticing an impact, most notably at the gas station."These data were collected largely before the Russia-related run-up in global energy prices," Rampell wrote Thursday in a piece titled, "Americans are unhappy with the economy. Many on the left don't want to hear it." "Which suggests that next month's overall inflation reading could be worse.


6. 
		MSNBC economic analyst and former Obama adviser Steven Rattner took President Biden to task on Thursday for claiming that Russian President Vladimir Putin's war in Ukraine is responsible for the soaring inflation Americans are facing at home. Biden reacted to the staggering consumer price index report from the Labor Department in a statement Thursday, where he attempted to blame Putin for the documented 7.9% spike in consumer prices over the last 12 months.BIDEN: SAYS HE 'CAN'T DO MUCH RIGHT NOW' TO LOWER SOARING GAS PRICES, ‘RUSSIA'S RESPONSIBLE'"Today's inflation report is a reminder that Americans' budgets are being stretched by price increases and families are starting to feel the impacts of Putin's price hike," the statement said.


7. 
		CNBC's Rick Santelli analyzed the increase in inflation in the U.S. by questioning President Biden's many explanations for the economic issue that is causing Americans to look twice at their budgets."Lets hearken back to all the things we've been through," Santelli, a CNBC Business News editor, said during a "Squawk Box" segment after saying that nothing was "more politicized than inflation." "First it was transitory," he said. "Then ‘inflation is good.' Then we went to corporate greed, now we're at Putin.


8. 
		Published March 13, 2022 6:06pm EDT A former Democrat senator downplayed record high gas prices under President Biden and dismissed the majority of the public blaming the president, on Sunday's episode of "This Week."Guest host Jonathan Karl started off sharing the results of the network's new poll, which found an "overwhelming" majority of Americans support banning Russian oil after Russia invaded Ukraine, but they also blamed President Biden for skyrocketing gas prices. LAKEWOOD COLORADO - MARCH 9: A sticker of President Joe Biden is placed on a gas pump at an Exxon Station on March 9, 2022 in Lakewood, Colorado.


9. 
		House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., argued Friday that global inflation "starts with [Russian President Vladimir] Putin," but that increased U.S. government spending on domestic social programs would help decrease the national debt and bring down inflation at home.During the 2022 House Democratic Issues Conference, Pelosi referred to record gas prices in the U.S. as "Putin's tax" and "Putin's gas hike." She said passing components of President Biden's multi-trillion-dollar social policy bill, called the Build Back Better Act, which is all but dead due to moderates' opposition, would make new investments in education and workforce development in a way that would eventually bring prices down.


10. 
		The COVID-19 pandemic, rising inflation, and the war in Ukraine has pushed Americans' stress levels to "alarming levels," according to a new poll. The "Stress in America" poll, conducted annually by the American Psychological Association, found that more adults rated inflation and issues related to Russia's invasion of Ukraine as stressors than at any other issue asked about in poll's 15-year history.   Price for a gallon of regular-grade gasoline is shown on a digital sign at a service station Wednesday, March 9, 2022, in Denver.


