1. 
		It's a first for President Biden.The president on Monday night will attend a small, top-dollar, fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee (DNC), his first in-person fundraising event for his party since taking over in the White House 14 months ago amid the coronavirus pandemic. THE 2022 FUNDRAISING FIGHT: BOTH RNC AND DNC HAVE SOMETHING TO BRAG ABOUTThe event, in the nation's capital, comes as the president appears to be stepping up his fundraising efforts for the DNC ahead of November's midterm elections, when the Democrats will be defending their razor-thin majorities in the House of Representatives and the Senate.


2. 
		Faced with tough upcoming midterm elections, inflation and high gas prices, Democrats say they need to do a better job selling the American people on President Biden's accomplishments.While key priorities of Biden's domestic agenda have died in Congress – namely the Build Back Better social spending plan and voting rights reforms – members of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) are taking stock of what Biden has gotten done and pushing a message of monumental accomplishment. "We have a record — a record to be proud of, an agenda that addresses the biggest concerns here in America, in people's lives, the message that resonates," President Biden told the DNC faithful Thursday.


3. 
		A Democratic Party official and longtime party donor in Maryland questioned whether Black candidates can win state-wide elections, explaining her reasoning behind endorsing DNC Chair Tom Perez for governor.Maryland state Democratic Party deputy treasurer and Democrat donor Barbara Goldberg Goldman posed the question in an email obtained by Axios.FORMER DNC CHAIR TOM PEREZ JUMPS INTO 2022 MARYLAND GOVERNOR RACE"So, my thinking beyond here is the age-old question: Which candidate(s) have a better chance in the General election of beating an attractive female Hogan team member for whom both Dems and Repubs have expressed genuine likability?" Goldman wrote in the email, with the subject line "Re: Perez endorsement.


4. 
		House Republican Conference Chairwoman Elise Stefanik of New York and her GOP colleagues blasted the congresswoman's Democratic leadership counterpart over his recent comments on high gas prices not coming up during House Democrat caucus meetings.House Democratic Caucus Chairman Hakeem Jeffries of New York told reporters at a Tuesday press conference that the issue of skyrocketing gas prices "hasn't come up" during his party's caucus meetings."That issue hasn't come up," Jeffries responded to a reporter's question on what the Democrats are saying on the issue as prices rise due to the war in Ukraine.


5. 
		The Hill was slammed by critics over the weekend for using the phrase "Republicans seize" to describe efforts by the party to criticize President Biden and the Democrats over the rapidly rising cost of gas.In a Saturday piece headlined "Republicans seize on rising gas prices amid Ukraine conflict," The Hill dusted off the age-old cliché as it appeared to lament down-ballot Republicans across the country using the soaring cost of refueling a vehicle "to go on the offensive" against Democrats, in turn posing a challenge for the president's party heading into this year's midterm elections.


6. 
		President Biden will spend part of Tuesday in Texas, talking to veterans and their caregivers in Forth Worth as he pushes for more help for military members and veterans who are fighting health issues after exposure to burn pits.The president's second trip to Texas since taking over in the White House more than 13 months ago comes a week after the nation's second largest and second most populous state kicked off the 2022 primary calendar.BIDEN TO BE GREETED IN TEXAS WITH NEAR RECORD GAS PRICESAnd in a longtime reliably red state where Democrats for years have been trying to make gains based partially on favorable demographic trends, the GOP's touting rising turnout in its party's primaries last week, especially in majority Hispanic counties in South Texas.


7. 
		Published March 8, 2022 9:55am EST Rep. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, slammed President Biden on "Fox & Friends" Tuesday for being "afraid" to stand up to Democrats on increasing U.S. energy production as gas prices skyrocket amid the Russia-Ukraine war.GAS PRICES FUELING COMING DEMOCRATIC BLOODBATH IN MIDTERMS, REPUBLICANS SAYREP. JIM JORDAN: I sat in a hearing a few months ago where Ro Khanna, a Democrat member from California -- the state that's now got a $7 gas. He had the oil and gas executives there in front of them, and he badgered every one of them, asking them one simple question: Will you pledge to decrease production this year? I mean, the Democrats want $7 gas.


8. 
		An optimistic President Biden rallied the Democratic Party ahead of November's midterm elections, when they hope to defend their razor-thin House and Senate majorities."Coming out of the State of the Union, we are in the strongest position we've been in months," the president argued as he addressed the Democratic National Committee's winter meeting.On Thursday evening he emphasized that Democrats "have a record – a record to be proud of; an agenda that addresses the biggest concerns here in America, in people's lives; the message that resonates.


9. 
		Published March 12, 2022 10:48am EST Texas Democratic gubernatorial candidate Beto O'Rourke is expected to speak at SXSW (South by Southwest) on Saturday, a music festival and media event in Austin, Texas.O'Rourke, a former candidate in the 2020 Democratic presidential primary, is running for governor of Texas and sailed through his party's primary at the start of the month. He will face sitting Republican Texas Governor Greg Abbott. TEXAS PRIMARY RACES TO WATCH: BIG NAMES VIE FOR GOVERNOR, ATTORNEY GENERAL In this Sept.


10. 
		First on Fox – A right leaning outside group is launching digital ads against three top Democratic senators for what it charges are their "hypocrisy on racial and gender diversity in the federal judiciary" ahead of their roles in the upcoming confirmation process for federal judge Ketanji Brown Jackson, President Biden's nominee to the Supreme Court.The digital ads by Article III Project, which were shared first with Fox News Digital on Tuesday, will highlight the voting records of Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York, Senate Judiciary Committee chair Dick Durbin of Illinois, and Sen.


