1. 
		The global COVID-19 pandemic death toll might be around three times higher than official records, according to researchers. In a study published Thursday in The Lancet, a group of authors wrote that the estimated number of excess deaths reached over 18 million, or more than three times the 5.94 million deaths the study says were reported for the same period. EXCESS DEATHS IN US TOP 1M SINCE COVID-19 PANDEMIC START: REPORTThey reached these conclusions with six models used to estimate expected mortality and all-cause mortality reports for 74 countries and territories and 266 subnational locations.


2. 
		The COVID pandemic contributed to a third of young grade school students missing reading benchmarks, which is up significantly from pre-pandemic rates, according to several studies.A recent Virginia report discussed data collected from The Phonological Awareness Literacy Screening (PALS) K-2 assessment, a tool used to evaluate students' risk for reading difficulties that spanned three fall assessment periods in 132 school divisions. The study looked at rates of "at-risk" students K-2, pre-pandemic (2019) to the fall of 2021 when students returned to in- classroom learning.


3. 
		World Health Organization (WHO) leaders on Thursday said that the world needs to remain vigilant about COVID-19 – even as pandemic trends in some countries appear to be heading in a positive direction. In a Q&A, Dr. Mike Ryan and Dr. Maria Van Kerkhove expressed concern over public perception of the pandemic as winding down. COVID-19 PANDEMIC DEATH TOLL COULD BE 3 TIMES HIGHER THAN THOUGHT: STUDYIn recent months, health leaders have eased or loosened restrictions and measures like mask-wearing or requiring proof of vaccination against the virus.


4. 
		Today marks the two-year anniversary of the World Health Organization's declaration that the COVID-19 outbreak had been characterized as a pandemic. People across the globe learned to adhere to a 'new normal' while adjusting to government mandates, new variants, vaccines, and treatments. Governments are now lifting restrictions, and citizens are hoping to return to a pre-pandemic lifestyle. FOX News Contributor and Professor of Surgery at Johns Hopkins, Dr. Marty Makary joins the Rundown to discuss how COVID-19 will continue to impact everyday life, the mental health strain resulting from the pandemic, and strategies scientists must adopt when faced with a new virus.


5. 
		World Health Organization (WHO) leaders on Thursday said that the world needs to remain vigilant about COVID-19 – even as pandemic trends in some countries appear to be heading in a positive direction. 
In a Q&A, Dr. Mike Ryan and Dr. Maria Van Kerkhove expressed concern over public perception of the pandemic as winding down. 
In recent months, health leaders have eased or loosened restrictions and measures like mask-wearing or requiring proof of vaccination against the virus. 
Ryan, the executive director of the WHO Health Emergencies Program, said there are still scenarios where the world could 'reset' the pandemic.


6. 
		On March 11th 2020, the World Health Organization classified the SARS-CoV-2 outbreak as a pandemic. Soon after this declaration, major cities promptly shut down, forcing people across the world to adjust to living with the virus.  In the two years since the COVID-19 pandemic changed the world, masks, shutdowns, and vaccine mandates have cemented themselves into everyday life.  Dr. Syra Madad joins Jared to discuss how decisions involving mandates and restrictions are being made, future precautions we must take, and how close we are to reaching an end to the pandemic.


7. 
		While some state and local leaders are moving to drop COVID-19 pandemic emergency declarations, others hope to extend them. According to The New York Times, 13 Democratic state governors wrote to Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Xavier Becerra this week, calling on Becerra to extend the nationwide public health emergency declaration for at least another three months beyond its scheduled expiration. COVID LOCKDOWNS MAY BE ENDING, BUT WE ARE FOREVER CHANGEDThat order, which was first implemented in January of 2020, is set to expire in April.


8. 
		The World Health Organization (WHO) says the global prevalence of anxiety and depression increased by 25% in the first year of the COVID-19 pandemic.The scientific brief released by the United Nations (UN) agency said one explanation for the increase is unprecedented stress caused by the social isolation resulting from the pandemic. WHO ISSUES COVID-19 TESTING GUIDANCELoneliness, fear of infection, suffering and death for oneself and loved ones, grief following bereavement, and financial worries were all cited as factors leading to anxiety and depression.


9. 
		The Department of Justice on Thursday announced the appointment of a director for COVID-19 fraud enforcement who will lead the department's investigations into fraud related to more than $8 billion in pandemic relief funds.Associate Deputy Attorney General Kevin Chambers will serve in the new position. He will be in charge of the DOJ's efforts, which have so far led to criminal charges against more than 1,000 defendants, with alleged losses exceeding $1.1 billion, according to a news release.In addition to the seizure of more than $1 billion in Economic Injury Disaster Loan proceeds, there are also 240 civil investigations into more than 1,800 individuals and entities for alleged misconduct regarding COVID-19 relief loans totaling more than $6 billion.


10. 
		President Biden traveled to Philadelphia Friday, where he toured Luis Munoz Marin Elementary School and spoke with students, one of whom expressed gratitude for the return of in-person learning and physical interaction with her friends."I want to say thank you to you for letting us go back to school because in computer it was hard to learn about stuff," the student told Biden. "And in person you can see our friends and hug them and can learn more in person." President Biden tours art after-school programs at Luis Munoz Marin Elementary School in Philadelphia March 11, 2022.


