1. 
		FIRST ON FOX: Former President Donald Trump is returning to the crucial battleground state of Georgia in two weeks, to hold a campaign-style rally.Fox News has learned that the event will be held on Saturday, March 26, in Commerce, Georgia, northeast of Atlanta.HE'S GOT TRUMP'S ENDORSEMENT, SO WHY IS DAVID PERDUE STRUGGLING AGAINST GOV. BRIAN KEMP?Joining Trump at the rally will be former Sen. David Perdue, who is backed by the former president as he primary challenges Republican Gov. Brian Kemp.


2. 
		Former Republican Sen. David Perdue made it official on Wednesday, trekking to Georgia's state capitol building to formally file to qualify for this year's ballot.Perdue enjoys the backing of former President Donald Trump as he challenges conservative Gov. Brian Kemp in the state's GOP primary. And Perdue is showing off that endorsement."David Perdue is an outstanding man. He's tough. He's smart. He has my complete and total endorsement," Trump says to camera in Perdue campaign TV ads that have been running statewide for six weeks.


3. 
		On the eve of his Saturday evening rally in Florence, South Carolina, former President Donald Trump made it crystal clear why he's heading to the Palmetto State."Big rally in South Carolina this weekend. Will be honoring Katie Arrington, who is running against the absolutely horrendous Nancy Mace, and Russell Fry, who is likewise running against ‘doesn't have a clue' Tom Rice."Rice was one of only 10 House Republicans to vote to impeach the then-president for inciting the deadly Jan. 6, 2021 storming of the U.


4. 
		"Real Time" host Bill Maher closed his show Friday night by suggesting it's worth pondering why Russian President Vladimir Putin took action in Ukraine during the Biden presidency instead of the Trump presidency. Maher spent much of his monologue hitting partisans on both sides of the aisle for using the Russia-Ukraine war to prove "everything we already believed and everything goes back to what we already hate," citing Republicans blaming President Biden for the ongoing war and Democrats blaming former President Trump.


5. 
		Published March 9, 2022 3:06pm EST A private plane carrying former President Donald Trump was forced to make an emergency landing over the weekend, according to a source familiar with the incident.The emergency landing occurred on Saturday after Trump delivered a speech at a GOP donor retreat hosted by the Republican National Committee in New Orleans. Former President Donald Trump speaks to his supporters during the Save America Rally at the Sarasota Fairgrounds in Sarasota, Florida, U.S. July 3, 2021.


6. 
		Former Attorney General Bill Barr said special counsel John Durham "will get to the bottom" of the origins of the Trump-Russia investigation, calling the original probe and "collusion" narrative a "manufactured scandal" that hobbled former President Trump's administration.In an interview with Fox News Digital about his new memoir, "One Damn Thing After Another," in which he notes the Trump-Russia probe was in part what led him back to government service at the Justice Department, Barr expressed confidence in Durham's years-long investigation.


7. 
		Has President Biden lost liberal comedian Trevor Noah, host of Comedy Central's "The Daily Show"?In an opening monologue during the week, Noah expressed frustration about a Wall Street Journal report that said Biden's calls to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) – seeking support for Ukraine and help with surging U.S. gas prices – were rejected.Noah claimed that rejected phone calls were one thing that Biden's predecessor – former President Donald Trump – never would have had to deal with.


8. 
		Fox News host Mark Levin warned Sunday that if President Biden and the West don't take decisive actions to support Ukraine, Russian President Vladimir Putin will ramp up his quest to destroy the former Soviet states and empower foreign enemies across the globe to take advantage of the United States' apparent "passivity.""We keep hearing this word ‘escalation,'" the "Life, Liberty & Levin" host told viewers in his opening monologue. "You know we don't want to escalate things, war crimes are one thing, genocide is another, but we can escalate beyond that…Putin hears this.


9. 
		Former Attorney General Bill Barr said Wednesday that the Russia collusion narrative was a "big lie" that tied President Trump's hands in dealing with Vladimir Putin."It was a very damaging, big lie that started off the administration," Barr told "Fox & Friends.""I think it started out as a political dirty trick, but it was propelled by the FBI jumping on it and spying on the Trump campaign. And it goes beyond the unfairness to Trump and the disruption of his administration," Barr said.DURHAM ASKS COURT TO DENY SUSSMANN MOTION TO DISMISS, ARGUING FALSE STATEMENT 'CAPABLE OF INFLUENCING' FBIBarr said the daily controversy surrounding allegations that the Trump campaign worked with Russians in 2016 in their campaign against Hillary Clinton hampered the president's foreign policy.


10. 
		This week, Martha sits down with former United States Attorney General under President Trump, Bill Barr, to discuss his new book, One Damn Thing After Another.
Attorney General Barr breaks down why he believes the politicization of the Russian collusion investigation was responsible for Russia's actions today and touches on the Durham report, answering if the Trump campaign was really spied on. Later, he gives his honest, inside take on where President Trump was right, but also where he went wrong.


