1. 
		Published March 8, 2022 12:03pm EST A Russian activist joined "America's Newsroom" Tuesday to discuss the "torturous" reality for citizens arrested in Moscow as Vladimir Putin continues his crackdown on anti-war protesters. "They're taking you to their police department, and you don't know what will happen to you," Arshak Makichyan told co-host Bill Hemmer.  More than 13,000 protesters have been detained in 147 cities since the start of the Russian invasion of Ukraine on February 24, according to human rights organization, OVD-Info.


2. 
		Tens of thousands of people are expected to gather Sunday in cities across Europe to protest against the ongoing war in Ukraine, with small rallies taking place in Russia as well despite a crackdown by authorities against such demonstrations. People attend a pro-Ukraine protest rally in Berlin, Germany, Sunday, March 13, 2022.  (AP Photo/Michael Sohn)Trade unions called a protest in Berlin where sunny weather was expected to boost the turnout. Organizers planned to march from the city's Alexanderplatz — a large square named after Russian Tsar Alexander I — to a site near the Brandenburg Gate.


3. 
		The organizer of a Young Conservatives of Texas (YCT) meeting at the University of North Texas (UNT) says campus police escorted her into a janitor's closet for her own safety after activists disrupted the event featuring Texas House of Representatives candidate Jeff Younger.Younger is the father of a 7-year-old child, who was born James but now goes by Luna, at the center of a 2019 custody battle that attracted national attention after his mother encouraged the boy to medically transition into a girl.


4. 
		Representatives of the trucker convoy that traveled to Washington, D.C., over the weekend from across the country say they're not leaving and will continue to loop the Beltway until lawmakers "hear our stories." Members of the People's Convoy met with Republican U.S. Sens. Ted Cruz, Texas, and Ron Johnson, Wisc., in the capital on Tuesday to give voice to their protest against COVID-19 mandates and other issues surrounding the pandemic. DC TRUCKER CONVOY TO RETURN TO BELTWAY, BACK UP TRAFFIC BUT WILL NOT ENTER CITYWhen asked about the group's next steps, Brian Brase, the convoy's co-organizer, told reporters that "we're not going anywhere.


5. 
		GiveSendGo, the Christian crowdfunding platform that raised millions for Freedom Convoy protesters in Ottawa last month after GoFundMe canceled their campaign, announced on Thursday that it was forced to refund donations after a Canadian court order blocked the distribution to organizers and threatened to seize the cash. The platform said it was refunding donors because the Canadian government was trying to seize the funds. "The Canadian government has criminalized the receiving of funds from the Canadian trucker campaigns and now are trying to seize the funds to restribute," GiveSendGo said in statement shared on Twitter.


6. 
		


7. 
		A woman went viral on Monday for crashing a newscast on Russian-state television to protest the war in Ukraine. During the evening broadcast on Channel One Russia, the most prominent news network in the country, a demonstrator with a sign rushed onto the set standing behind the anchor and chanted in Russian, "No to war! Stop the war!" RUSSIA-UKRAINE CRISIS: RUSSIA MEDIA SPINNING COVERAGE TO ‘CONFUSE' PUBLIC, EXPERTS SAYHer sign read in Russian, "Stop the war! Don't believe propaganda! They're lying to you here!" with "Russians against war" written in English.


8. 
		Sen. Ted Cruz showed up Thursday to the "People's Convoy," a U.S. extension of the Canadian "Freedom Convoy," to voice support and join in on the protest.Cruz, R-Texas, shared video and photos on social media showing him riding shotgun in a tractor-trailer and waving to fellow protesters. He went on to thank those who showed up and commended them on "standing up" for freedom."Thank you to every trucker who is standing up for freedom for every man, woman, and child in America!" he wrote.CRUZ BLASTS BIDEN ADMIN FOR 'WAR ON ENERGY,' SAYS DEMS WOULD 'RATHER FUND TERRORISM' OVER ENERGY INDEPENDENCEHe thanked them once again in a later post, writing, "Thank you to The People's Convoy for speaking out for freedom! Petty government tyrants shouldn't force people to make private health care decisions.


9. 
		Infuriated Russian mothers accused President Vladimir Putin of using their sons as "cannon fodder" for his invasion of Ukraine, according to recent video during which they shouted down a regional governor.The video surfaced Monday, the same day when Russian police detained approximately 4,500 anti-war protesters, according to The Telegraph."We were all deceived, all deceived. They were sent there as cannon fodder," one woman screamed at Sergey Tsivilev, governor of the Kuzbass region in Siberia. "They are young.


10. 
		The Wisconsin State Crime Lab has destroyed the rifle Kyle Rittenhouse used to shoot three people during an August 2020 protest in Kenosha, Wisconsin, following the police shooting of Jacob Blake, according to authorities.The Kenosha Police Department first told FOX 6 Milwaukee that the rifle was destroyed at the crime lab on Feb. 25, 2022 — about four months after the 19-year-old was acquitted of five charges, including reckless and intentional homicide charges, in November 2021.Video footage from the department shows officers putting the rifle and its components through a GunBusters firearms pulverizer.


