1. 
		The Hill was slammed by critics over the weekend for using the phrase "Republicans seize" to describe efforts by the party to criticize President Biden and the Democrats over the rapidly rising cost of gas.In a Saturday piece headlined "Republicans seize on rising gas prices amid Ukraine conflict," The Hill dusted off the age-old cliché as it appeared to lament down-ballot Republicans across the country using the soaring cost of refueling a vehicle "to go on the offensive" against Democrats, in turn posing a challenge for the president's party heading into this year's midterm elections.


2. 
		A group of 49 Republican senators on Monday said they will not support the Biden administration's new nuclear deal with Iran, vowing to "reverse" any agreement that weakens sanctions and lessens restrictions on Tehran's nuclear program.Every Republican senator except Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky signed on to a statement Monday directed to President Biden, Democrats and the international community, warning that a "major agreement that does not have strong bipartisan support in Congress will not survive.


3. 
		On Tuesday, President Biden announced new efforts to ban Russian oil imports following Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Unfortunately, many Americans are expected to face even higher gas prices for these sanctions. Ahead of Republican criticism, many media outlets preemptively attacked Republicans for exploiting the issue. Washington Post columnist Catherine Rampell explained in an op-ed that "Republicans are laying a trap for Biden on Russian energy sanctions." She went on to accuse Republicans of "exploiting the economic pain" of Americans to attack Biden.


4. 
		FIRST ON FOX: Rep. Elise Stefanik, the House Republican Conference Chair, Tuesday announced her latest slate of endorsements for the 2022 midterms in her bid to help Republicans retake the House and elect more GOP women. Stefanik revealed 10 new endorsements for female Republican House candidates that she says are "rising stars" and have already demonstrated an ability to build a winning campaign through strong fundraising, grassroots support and digital programs. That brings the total number of endorsements through her E-PAC fundraising arm to 18 candidates for battleground House seats.


5. 
		It's a first for President Biden.The president on Monday night will attend a small, top-dollar, fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee (DNC), his first in-person fundraising event for his party since taking over in the White House 14 months ago amid the coronavirus pandemic. THE 2022 FUNDRAISING FIGHT: BOTH RNC AND DNC HAVE SOMETHING TO BRAG ABOUTThe event, in the nation's capital, comes as the president appears to be stepping up his fundraising efforts for the DNC ahead of November's midterm elections, when the Democrats will be defending their razor-thin majorities in the House of Representatives and the Senate.


6. 
		President Biden turned to both The New York Times and The Washington Post for defense of his energy policy as Republicans have been taking aim at his administration for the spike in gas prices.During his remarks at the House Democratic Caucus Issues Conference, Biden argued that a "big reason" for the record-high inflation was Russian President Vladimir Putin and pinned the soaring gas prices on his geopolitical rival despite being dogged by the two issues long before Russia's invasion of Ukraine.


7. 
		House Energy and Commerce Committee Republicans are calling on certain environmental groups to disclose their ties to a non-governmental organization which is, according to the committee, reportedly used by Russian President Vladimir Putin to make an impact on American energy production.Three environmental groups – the League of Conservation Voters (LCV), the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), and the Sierra Club – reportedly have ties to the San Francisco-based NGO environmental organization called the Sea Change Foundation, according to Republicans on the committee.


8. 
		FIRST ON FOX: Jennifer Carnahan, widow of the late Rep. Jim Hagedorn, R-Minn., announced Monday that she will run in the special election for her late husband's seat in the House of Representatives."I am proud to announce my candidacy to represent Minnesota's First Congressional District. Though my heart is still heavy after Jim's passing, the encouragement I have received from throughout southern Minnesota has inspired me to carry on his legacy by running to complete the remainder of his term," Carnahan wrote in a news release first provided to Fox News Digital.


9. 
		If Americans were in the same position as Ukrainians right now, more Republicans than Democrats would stay and fight, according to a poll released Monday. Of the Republicans surveyed in the Quinnipiac University Poll, 68% said they would stay and fight compared to 40% of Democrats. Among Democrats, 52% said they would flee the country, compared to 25% of Republicans. While the hypothetical question was polarizing between parties, the majority of Americans (55%) would still stay and fight if they were in the same position as the Ukrainians are now.


10. 
		FIRST ON FOX - Harriet Hageman, the GOP congressional candidate waging a primary challenge against Rep. Liz Cheney, R-Wyo., with the backing of former President Donald Trump, argues in a new digital campaign that the Republican incumbent is out of touch with voters and is "obsessed with her personal war" against Trump.In a new digital ad by Hageman's campaign that was shared first with Fox News on Monday, the candidate charges that Cheney is "not representing Wyoming, she's not representing our values.


