1. 
		Michael Mennella of Newark, Delaware, has been an inspector of elections for the last five years, taking an oath himself and administering the oath to other election workers to obey voting laws. A violation of that oath could mean a fine or even prison time. Mennella has filed a lawsuit against the Delaware Department of Elections contending a law that takes effect this year expanding early voting for both in-person and absentee ballots conflicts with the Delaware Constitution's narrower approach and forces election staff to either follow the statute or follow the constitution.


2. 
		The elections administrator in Texas's most populous county has resigned following voting mishaps including 10,000 mail-in ballots not being tallied on election day.Harris County Elections Administrator Isabel Longoria announced during a meeting of county commissioners she would resign on July 1. HOUSTON, Nov. 4, 2020 -- Young voters show the "I Voted" stickers after voting at a polling station in Plano, Texas  (Xinhua/Dan Tian via Getty Images) (Photo by Dan Tian/Xinhua via Getty) (Xinhua/Dan Tian via Getty Images)ARIZONA WOMAN PLEADS GUILTY TO VOTER FRAUD AFTER ACCUSED OF FORGING DEAD MOTHER'S SIGNATURELongoria said she took responsibility for the problems during last Tuesday's election in Harris County, where Houston is located.


3. 
		FIRST ON FOX: Jennifer Carnahan, widow of the late Rep. Jim Hagedorn, R-Minn., announced Monday that she will run in the special election for her late husband's seat in the House of Representatives."I am proud to announce my candidacy to represent Minnesota's First Congressional District. Though my heart is still heavy after Jim's passing, the encouragement I have received from throughout southern Minnesota has inspired me to carry on his legacy by running to complete the remainder of his term," Carnahan wrote in a news release first provided to Fox News Digital.


4. 
		Elected in one of the narrowest presidential races in South Korea's history, Yoon Suk Yeol, the country's former top prosecutor, is a political newcomer with the conservative People Power Party who has sometimes been compared to former President Trump. Yoon is expected to take a harder line against North Korea and seek a closer relationship with the United States. The White House congratulated Yoon on Wednesday following his victory."The alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea, our economies and our people is ironclad," a U.


5. 
		FIRST ON FOX: Rep. Elise Stefanik, the House Republican Conference Chair, Tuesday announced her latest slate of endorsements for the 2022 midterms in her bid to help Republicans retake the House and elect more GOP women. Stefanik revealed 10 new endorsements for female Republican House candidates that she says are "rising stars" and have already demonstrated an ability to build a winning campaign through strong fundraising, grassroots support and digital programs. That brings the total number of endorsements through her E-PAC fundraising arm to 18 candidates for battleground House seats.


6. 
		Among the greatest lies of the COVID crisis, and it's a competitive category, high on the list was "It's not about politics." In fact, with the exception of loss of life, there is nothing that was as deeply affected by the pandemic as our politics.  Not only did governors exert unprecedented emergency powers, not only did COVID dominate the 2020 presidential election, but it also fundamentally transformed how Americans participate in politics.   Caution tape closes off a voting stall to help distance voters on Nov.


7. 
		Faced with tough upcoming midterm elections, inflation and high gas prices, Democrats say they need to do a better job selling the American people on President Biden's accomplishments.While key priorities of Biden's domestic agenda have died in Congress – namely the Build Back Better social spending plan and voting rights reforms – members of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) are taking stock of what Biden has gotten done and pushing a message of monumental accomplishment. "We have a record — a record to be proud of, an agenda that addresses the biggest concerns here in America, in people's lives, the message that resonates," President Biden told the DNC faithful Thursday.


8. 
		As the dust settles from the Texas primary and the nation inches closer to the general election in November, the midterms map is taking shape. In this edition of the Fox News Power Rankings, the Democrats lose "solid" status in Washington's Senate race, while gubernatorial elections in Massachusetts and Florida firm up for the Democrats and Republicans, respectively.President Biden continues to poll poorly, so the national map remains mediocre for Democrats. The president's approval rating stands at 41.


9. 
		A Democratic Party official and longtime party donor in Maryland questioned whether Black candidates can win state-wide elections, explaining her reasoning behind endorsing DNC Chair Tom Perez for governor.Maryland state Democratic Party deputy treasurer and Democrat donor Barbara Goldberg Goldman posed the question in an email obtained by Axios.FORMER DNC CHAIR TOM PEREZ JUMPS INTO 2022 MARYLAND GOVERNOR RACE"So, my thinking beyond here is the age-old question: Which candidate(s) have a better chance in the General election of beating an attractive female Hogan team member for whom both Dems and Repubs have expressed genuine likability?" Goldman wrote in the email, with the subject line "Re: Perez endorsement.


10. 
		NEW You can now listen to Fox News articles!

SEOUL, South Korea — Yoon Suk Yeol, a conservative former top prosecutor and foreign policy neophyte, was elected South Korea's president in a win expected to herald a drive to seek a stronger alliance with the United States and take a tougher line on North Korea.

With over 99% of the votes counted early Thursday, Yoon from the main opposition People Power Party had 48.6% against ruling liberal Democratic Party candidate Lee Jae-myung's 47.8%. It was South Korea's most closely fought presidential election.


