1. 
		(CNN) — An average of more than 60% of women living in G7 countries whose lives were changed by the Covid-19 pandemic say their governments did not provide them with much of the support they needed to deal with those changes, according to a far-reaching new poll by CNN.These exclusive findings come against the backdrop of numerous reports showing that women have been more adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic than men and resulting pledges to build back better touted by leaders around the world.


2. 
		(CNN) — An average of more than 60% of women living in G7 countries whose lives were changed by the Covid-19 pandemic say their governments did not provide them with much of the support they needed to deal with those changes, according to a far-reaching new poll by CNN.These exclusive findings come against the backdrop of numerous reports showing that women have been more adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic than men and resulting pledges to build back better touted by leaders around the world.


3. 
		(CNN)On March 8 -- International Women's Day -- CNN published the findings of an exclusive poll which revealed that women in the G7 countries (US, UK, Japan, Canada, France, Italy and Germany) felt less supported by their leaders than men did; their impressions of their government's response to Covid-19 were significantly worse than men's; they were more likely than men to perceive the gendered impacts of the pandemic and, inflation and financial issues were ranked as their foremost present-day concern in six of the seven countries.


4. 
		(CNN)The Covid-19 pandemic may have been three times deadlier than the reported death toll suggests. Globally, official reports through the end of 2021 show that 6 million people have died directly because of Covid-19. But researchers estimate in a new study that from the start of 2020 through the end of 2021, there have been at least 18 million more deaths than researchers would typically expect over the course of two years.Some of this excess mortality may have been missed in official counts due to lack of diagnostic or reporting resources.


5. 
		New York (CNN Business)A version of this article first appeared in the "Reliable Sources" newsletter. You can sign up for free right here.Remember "we are all in this together?" That's what we were saying to each other two years ago this week. Media outlets were shifting into public service mode as the Covid-19 pandemic upended life in the United States. Broadcasters and health reporters were educating the country about terms like "social distancing" and "flatten the curve." No one imagined that some pandemic-era interventions would still be in place two years later — no one, that is, except the public health experts who tried to warn us at the outset.


6. 
		By Annie Grayer, CNNCNN — A plan to reopen the US Capitol after being shut down to the public for two years as the result of the coronavirus pandemic is under review, a source familiar with the plans tells CNN.
On Monday, United States Capitol Police met with the House and Senate sergeants at arms, staff for the Committee on House Administration, and staff on the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration to discuss the drafted proposal that would open the Capitol in phases.
According to the source familiar with the plan, the Capitol would reopen in three phases starting on March 28.


7. 
		(CNN)The failure to include a $15.6 billion pandemic aid package in the omnibus spending bill the House passed on Wednesday is a collective mistake that could come back to haunt us. While the spending package includes funding for pandemic-related programs like a $140 million increase for the Strategic National Stockpile, these sums are not nearly enough. The White House warned that without adequate funding, the production of at-home rapid tests could slow, while monoclonal antibody drugs would run out by May.


8. 
		Health care workers wave back to people applauding them in New York in April 2020. To honor health care workers in the early months of the Covid-19 pandemic, New York residents would regularly cheer from their homes every evening. Vanessa Carvalho/ShutterstockUpdated 9:05 PM ET, Sat March 12, 2022Health care workers wave back to people applauding them in New York in April 2020. To honor health care workers in the early months of the Covid-19 pandemic, New York residents would regularly cheer from their homes every evening.


9. 
		(CNN) — The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention moved three high-profile destinations to its highest-risk Level 4 category for travel on Monday. 
Hong Kong and New Zealand have spent much of the pandemic in near isolation with relatively few infections and had been lauded as Covid success stories. However, the Omicron variant has caused massive spikes in cases in both places. 
Hong Kong is late in playing out a now-familiar scene: Morgues near capacity, hospitals overwhelmed and supermarkets stripped bare by shoppers.


10. 
		(CNN)Two years after his second project, the critically acclaimed "Care For Me," rapper Saba was ready to release his third full-length album.It was early 2020. The songs had been mixed and mastered; the videos shot; the rollout planned.You can guess what happened next. Rumors of a "novel coronavirus" turned into a global pandemic -- the world withdrew. And that album, the one Saba had been so ready to release, no longer felt necessary. "There was nothing wrong with that music," the 27-year-old told CNN.


