1. 
		By Kara Scannell, CNNCNN — Former President Donald Trump refinanced the mortgage on Trump Tower with a $100 million loan from California-based Axos Bank, according to a new filing with the city.
The loan document was signed on February 15 by Eric Trump, who along with his brother, Donald Trump Jr., has been running the Trump Organization on a day-to-day basis since their father became president in 2017.
Financial terms of the loan were not disclosed.
Eric Trump told CNN in a statement that "Trump Tower is one of the most iconic properties in the world and sits on arguably the most prestigious corner in all of New York.


2. 
		(CNN)Former President Donald Trump refinanced the mortgage on Trump Tower with a $100 million loan from California-based Axos Bank, according to a new filing with the city.The loan document was signed on February 15 by Eric Trump, who along with his brother, Donald Trump Jr., has been running the Trump Organization on a day-to-day basis since their father became president in 2017.Financial terms of the loan were not disclosed.Eric Trump told CNN in a statement that "Trump Tower is one of the most iconic properties in the world and sits on arguably the most prestigious corner in all of New York.


3. 
		(CNN)A Democratic group says it filed a complaint Monday with the Federal Election Commission, alleging that former President Donald Trump is breaking federal law by raising and spending big sums to promote a likely presidential campaign in 2024 without formally declaring his candidacy.The group, American Bridge, cites Trump's statements to argue that he is running for the presidency while skirting federal campaign finance laws that require that those who raise or spend more than $5,000 to register as a candidate.


4. 
		(CNN)On Wednesday, news broke that Donald Trump had refinanced his mortgage on Trump Tower with a $100 million loan through a California bank whose president has been a donor to the former President's political campaigns.This seems like an odd move for a bank, given the legal and financial questions that have surrounded Trump since he left office in 2021. I reached out to Kara Scannell, a CNN correspondent well-versed in all of Trump's various legal and financial entanglements, for some answers.Our conversation, conducted via email and edited lightly for flow, is below.


5. 
		By Fredreka Schouten, CNNCNN — A Democratic group says it filed a complaint Monday with the Federal Election Commission, alleging that former President Donald Trump is breaking federal law by raising and spending big sums to promote a likely presidential campaign in 2024 without formally declaring his candidacy.
The group, American Bridge, cites Trump's statements to argue that he is running for the presidency while skirting federal campaign finance laws that require that those who raise or spend more than $5,000 to register as a candidate.


6. 
		Less than two months out from the Ohio Senate primary, aides and allies of former President Donald Trump tell CNN he is still uncertain about endorsing one of the four Trump-aligned candidates vying to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Rob Portman and may wait until the 11th hour if he decides to wade in. 
 

 Trump's misgivings about getting involved stem from concerns he has about each of the four candidates seeking his support – concerns that have been exacerbated in recent months by how other Republican hopefuls with his backing have fared in their primaries.


7. 
		(CNN)Donald Trump traveled to Florence, South Carolina, over the weekend to deliver the latest in a series of campaign-style speeches as he hints at running for president again in 2024.With a shoutout to CNN's Christian Sierra, I was able to get a transcript of the speech. The lines you need to see from it are below.1. "It's freezing out here. But we're gonna warm it up. We're gonna warm it up.""Warm it up, Kris/I'm about to." And away we go!2. "Just show the crowd. They never do it. They never do it.


8. 
		By Gabby Orr, CNNCNN — Less than two months out from the Ohio Senate primary, aides and allies of former President Donald Trump tell CNN he is still uncertain about endorsing one of the four Trump-aligned candidates vying to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Rob Portman and may wait until the 11th hour if he decides to wade in.
Trump's misgivings about getting involved stem from concerns he has about each of the four candidates seeking his support -- concerns that have been exacerbated in recent months by how other Republican hopefuls with his backing have fared in their primaries.


9. 
		(CNN)Bobbie and Bill Kilberg were expecting a few dozen people for their fundraiser Monday for GOP Rep. Liz Cheney, an intimate cocktail party they were planning at their home in McLean, Virginia. But in the weeks since the Republican National Committee voted to censure Cheney for her involvement in the ongoing House select committee investigation of the January 6, 2021, attack on the US Capitol, the couple was flooded with requests to come and meet the congresswoman and the event's special guest, Utah GOP Sen.


10. 
		(CNN)Remember the "perfect" phone call? You know, the one where Donald Trump asked Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate Joe Biden?Steve Scalise apparently does not.At a news conference on Tuesday, the Louisiana Republican congressman and House minority whip was asked to look back on that 2019 call and consider what "rethinking" he had done on Trump withholding of foreign aid in hopes of luring the nation to announce an investigation of the Biden family.To which Scalise respond this way:"Zelensky had called President Trump to thank him for the leadership that he provided.


