1. 
		The Parental Rights in Education bill, HB 1557, would effectively ban teachers from discussing sexual orientation and gender identity in classrooms for young students. LGBTQ advocates say the measure would lead to further stigmatization of gay, lesbian and transgender children, causing more bullying and suicides within an already marginalized community.The walkout was organized by juniors Will Larkins and Maddi Zornek. Several students left class at 9 a.m. ET to protest the bill. During the walkout, students were chanting, "We say gay!" and holding "protect trans kids" signs.


2. 
		(CNN)An outside review of Minneapolis' response to protests in the spring of 2020, following the murder of George Floyd by a city police officer, found widespread chaos and poor communication among city leaders that contributed to an unorganized police response to violent unrest that later spread across the country. The mayor's office failed to follow its own "well written, comprehensive" emergency operations plan, the city's Office of Emergency Management "minimally engaged in its coordination role," and the city's police and fire departments didn't use the plan to guide their response, according to the report, produced by Hillard Heintze, a security risk management firm.


3. 
		Russian airstrikes hit a large military base near the western city of Lviv, which is close to the Polish border, killing 35 people and leaving more than 130 in hospital.A spate of Russian missile attacks Sunday morning hit critical infrastructure, as well as heavily-populated areas.Ukrainian authorities are working to open evacuation routes for civilians from affected areas.Russian troops are attempting to "envelop" Ukrainian forces in the east of the country, but are facing "staunch resistance," said the UK's Ministry of Defence.


4. 
		New Delhi (CNN)An Indian high court has upheld a ban on the wearing of hijabs or headscarves in educational institutes in Karnataka state, weeks after religious clashes erupted over the right to wear the Islamic garment in schools.The state's top court on Tuesday ruled that the hijab was not an "essential religious practice in Islamic faith" and dismissed a set of petitions filed by Muslim students denied entry to classrooms in multiple schools and colleges across the state. The court also ruled that requirement for students to comply with school uniforms is a "reasonable restriction, constitutionally permissible and which the students cannot object to.


5. 
		An anti-war protester holding a sign interrupted one of Russia's major state television broadcast news shows around 9:31 p.m. Moscow time."NO WAR. Stop the war. Do not believe propaganda they tell you lies here," the sign reads. "Russians against war," the last line of the sign says in English.See the moment:What we know about the protester: The woman holding the sign is an employee of the channel, according to OVD-Info, an independent human rights protest-monitoring group. On its Telegram channel, OVD-Info reported that the employee is Maria Ovsyannikova.


6. 
		An anti-war protester holding a sign interrupted one of Russia's major state television broadcast news shows around 9:31 p.m. Moscow time."NO WAR. Stop the war. Do not believe propaganda they tell you lies here," the sign reads. "Russians against war," the last line of the sign says in English.See the moment:What we know about the protester: The woman holding the sign is an employee of the channel, according to OVD-Info, an independent human rights protest-monitoring group. On its Telegram channel, OVD-Info reported that the employee is Maria Ovsyannikova.


7. 
		


8. 
		


9. 
		You don't have any notifications.


10. 
		


