1. 
		Photos: Russia invades Ukraine An explosion is seen at an apartment building in Mariupol, Ukraine, on Friday, March 11. The city in southeastern Ukraine has been besieged by Russian forces for days. Hide Caption 1 of 157

Photos: Russia invades Ukraine Mariana Vishegirskaya's husband, Yuri, holds their newborn daughter, Veronika, at a hospital in Mariupol on March 11. Vishegirskaya survived the maternity hospital bombing in the city earlier in the week. Hide Caption 2 of 157

Photos: Russia invades Ukraine People pay their respects during a funeral service for three Ukrainian soldiers in Lviv, Ukraine, on March 11.


2. 
		Each morning I hope it will be easier to process. But nearly a fortnight into this war, the conflict still seems surreally distant and alarmingly beyond comprehension. 
 

 Try to ask yourself 'how is this happening?' and you lurch out over an abyss so profound it is beyond the reach of your senses. 
 

 And even if Putin does think he can get his old empire back, how do these 13 days of savagery make that happen?
 

 The slow and clumsy Russian campaign for the south has been the most baffling. It is clear what Moscow wants: To cut off Ukraine's access to the Black Sea.


3. 
		(CNN)Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky will deliver a virtual address Wednesday to members of Congress, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer announced. The address by the Ukrainian President comes amid Russia's ongoing unprovoked and deadly invasion of the country and as Ukraine continues to press the United States for more assistance as it fights back."As war rages on in Ukraine, it is with great respect and admiration for the Ukrainian people that we invite all Members of the House and Senate to attend a Virtual Address to the United States Congress delivered by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine on Wednesday, March 16th at 9:00 a.


4. 
		By Katie Lobosco, CNNCNN — A massive spending bill moving through Congress would provide for a one-time $13.6 billion infusion of military and humanitarian aid to Ukraine as it fights back against Russia's invasion.
Lawmakers expect to pass the legislation this week.
The amount of money the bill includes for Ukraine increased as lawmakers negotiated over the past several days, growing from the $10 billion the White House had asked for last week.
The Ukraine aid is attached to an appropriations bill that will set the spending limits for the federal government for fiscal year 2022, which started in October.


5. 
		Washington (CNN)A massive spending bill moving through Congress would provide for a one-time $13.6 billion infusion of military and humanitarian aid to Ukraine as it fights back against Russia's invasion. Lawmakers expect to pass the legislation this week. The amount of money the bill includes for Ukraine increased as lawmakers negotiated over the past several days, growing from the $10 billion the White House had asked for last week. The Ukraine aid is attached to an appropriations bill that will set the spending limits for the federal government for fiscal year 2022, which started in October.


6. 
		(CNN)White House officials are having early discussions about having President Joe Biden travel to Europe soon amid the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, according to multiple sources familiar with the planning.The trip would come on the heels of visits by several top aides, including Vice President Kamala Harris and Secretary of State Antony Blinken. The White House is exploring a potential stop in Poland as well as other places in Europe, according to a person familiar with the planning.No trip has been finalized or announced.


7. 
		(CNN)As its troops fight on the ground in Ukraine, Russia is waging a parallel war of misinformation. Even before Russian forces crossed the border, Russian officials were crafting a narrative at odds with reality. Publicly claiming one thing while intelligence suggests another isn't unusual, but Russia has gone so far as to insist its actions don't constitute war or that it has no plans to impose forces even while Russian troops set off explosions in key Ukrainian cities and attempt to gain control of strategic sites.


8. 
		Russian airstrikes hit a large military base near the western city of Lviv, close to Poland's border, a NATO member, killing at least 35 people.There have been heavy explosions in Kyiv and casualties after a residential building in the Ukrainian capital was hit by shelling, authorities said.In the besieged city of Mariupol, more than 2,500 civilians have died, Ukrainian officials estimate, and those who remain are without electricity, water and heat. A pregnant woman who was photographed being stretchered out of a bombed maternity hospital in Mariupol last week has died, along with her baby.


9. 
		By Tara Subramaniam, CNNCNN — As its troops fight on the ground in Ukraine, Russia is waging a parallel war of misinformation. Even before Russian forces crossed the border, Russian officials were crafting a narrative at odds with reality. Publicly claiming one thing while intelligence suggests another isn't unusual, but Russia has gone so far as to insist its actions don't constitute war or that it has no plans to impose forces even while Russian troops set off explosions in key Ukrainian cities and attempt to gain control of strategic sites.


10. 
		Hungary has offered foreign students whose studies were disrupted as Russia invades Ukraine an opportunity to continue their education at Hungarian universities, authorities have said.'Hungary is offering foreign students who escaped #UkraineRussianWar (India, Nigeria, other African countries) to continue their studies at Hungarian universities,' tweeted Dr. Attila Demkó, the head of Hungary's Centre for Geopolitics.'All third-country refugees (mostly Africans) were accepted without problems and repatriated if they wished so,' Demkó added in his Sunday tweet.


