1. 
		Washington (CNN)Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky pressed US President Joe Biden during their latest call for more sanctions to further squeeze Russia, CNN has learned.According to multiple sources familiar with the call, Zelensky specifically asked Biden for further efforts to cut off Russia from international trade and to continue targeting the Russian elite, as the US has continued to add more oligarchs and their families to its sanctions list. Zelensky also mentioned closing off Russia's access to international waterways during the call.


2. 
		By Ella Nilsen, CNNCNN — A group of 89 House Democrats, including progressives and moderates, sent a letter to President Joe Biden Monday morning urging him to restart negotiations on a Democrat-only spending bill centered around climate action.
The letter comes a few weeks after Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia opened the door for new negotiations by outlining what he wants to see in a Democrat-only spending bill. Manchin previously said he wants to pass tax reforms and measures to reduce the deficit but also said revenue from that should be put towards climate funding.


3. 
		(CNN) A group of 89 House Democrats, including progressives and moderates, sent a letter to President Joe Biden Monday morning urging him to restart negotiations on a Democrat-only spending bill centered around climate action.

The letter comes a few weeks after Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia opened the door for new negotiations by outlining what he wants to see in a Democrat-only spending bill. Manchin previously said he wants to pass tax reforms and measures to reduce the deficit but also said revenue from that should be put towards climate funding.


4. 
		(CNN)In her hotel suite at the Intercontinental in San Francisco last weekend, Jill Biden spontaneously scrapped a prepared fundraising pitch she was set to give later that day. But there was something else on her mind -- Biden had awoken that morning to the news in Ukraine, growing ever more concerning as Russia escalated its attacks against civilians. She reached for a pencil, grabbed a pad of paper and started to write down her thoughts, according to two people familiar with Biden's activities.


5. 
		By Chris Cillizza, CNN Editor-at-largeCNN — The one thing Democrats agreed on after recent gatherings in Washington and Philadelphia was that they can't agree on what the party's message should be for voters this November.
"Democrats search for a midterm message at party gatherings," read a CNN headline.
"House Democrats Push Biden to Build a Better Midterm Message," read another from the New York Times.
Even President Joe Biden acknowledged the party's messaging problems.
"The American people just trying to stay above water don't understand this," Biden said Friday at a House Democratic retreat.


6. 
		(CNN)A bipartisan group of senators is sharing concern with the Biden administration about the potential of widespread Russian cyberattacks in the United States as retribution for harsh sanctions against Russia in the wake of President Vladimir Putin's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine. In a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas Sunday evening obtained by CNN, 22 senators, led by Nevada Democrat Jacky Rosen and South Dakota Republican Mike Rounds, raised questions about America's readiness for Russian cyber and disinformation threats.


7. 
		(CNN)White House officials are having early discussions about having President Joe Biden travel to Europe soon amid the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, according to multiple sources familiar with the planning.The trip would come on the heels of visits by several top aides, including Vice President Kamala Harris and Secretary of State Antony Blinken. The White House is exploring a potential stop in Poland as well as other places in Europe, according to a person familiar with the planning.No trip has been finalized or announced.


8. 
		Published: 2022-03-14 11:31:23 Updated: 2022-03-14 11:31:23 By Kaitlan Collins, CNNCNN — White House officials are having early discussions about having President Joe Biden travel to Europe soon amid the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, according to multiple sources familiar with the planning.
The trip would come on the heels of visits by several top aides, including Vice President Kamala Harris and Secretary of State Antony Blinken.
No trip has been finalized or announced.
This is a breaking story and will be updated.


9. 
		The comments came during Biden's trip to Fort Worth, Texas, where the President met with veterans and discussed a newly proposed federal rule that would add certain rare respiratory cancers believed to be tied to environmental exposures on the job to the list of disabilities considered to be connected to military service. He also called on Congress to pass legislation that would assist veterans exposed to toxic substances. It's an issue that hits close to home for the President. Biden has said he believes burn pits may have caused the brain cancer that killed his son Beau -- an Iraq War veteran who died in 2015 -- but has noted he "can't prove it yet.


10. 
		By Eva McKend, CNNCNN — A bipartisan group of senators is sharing concern with the Biden administration about the potential of widespread Russian cyberattacks in the United States as retribution for harsh sanctions against Russia in the wake of President Vladimir Putin's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine.
In a letter to Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas Sunday evening obtained by CNN, 22 senators, led by Nevada Democrat Jacky Rosen and South Dakota Republican Mike Rounds, raised questions about America's readiness for Russian cyber and disinformation threats.


