1. 
		About 1 in 5 local election officials included in a new survey say they are likely to leave their jobs before the 2024 presidential election, with a third of that group citing false political attacks on the election system as the top reason for their departure, according to a report released Thursday.
 

 And more than half of the election workers who responded – 54% – said they were concerned about the safety of their colleagues in future elections, according to the survey of nearly 600 local election officials done on behalf of the liberal-leaning Brennan Center for Justice at New York University's Law School.


2. 
		By Fredreka Schouten, CNNCNN — About 1 in 5 local election officials included in a new survey say they are likely to leave their jobs before the 2024 presidential election, with a third of that group citing false political attacks on the election system as the top reason for their departure, according to a report released Thursday.
And more than half of the election workers who responded -- 54% -- said they were concerned about the safety of their colleagues in future elections, according to the survey of nearly 600 local election officials done on behalf of the liberal-leaning Brennan Center for Justice at New York University's Law School.


3. 
		(CNN)Former President Donald Trump has spent the last year-plus leaning on election officials in swing states across the country to change votes and publicly castigating them when they refuse.It's having an impact. A big one.This, from CNN's Fredreka Schouten, gets to that point: "About 1 in 5 local election officials included in a new survey say they are likely to leave their jobs before the 2024 presidential election, with a third of that group citing false political attacks on the election system as the top reason for their departure.


4. 
		(CNN)The Republican-controlled Florida House on Wednesday night passed a voting overhaul bill that would create a new security office to investigate election crimes and increase penalties for violating the state's elections laws.The legislation would establish a scaled-back version of an elections police force first proposed last year by Florida GOP Gov. Ron DeSantis. The House vote completes legislative action on the measure, which is now headed to DeSantis for his signature.The bill would establish an Office of Election Crimes and Security within the Department of State with a staff of 15 to conduct preliminary investigations of election fraud.


5. 
		(CNN)The GOP-led Florida state House is set on Wednesday to give final passage to a bill that aims to change election laws in the Sunshine State, including creating an election police force -- a proposal championed by Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis. Here's what you need to know about the legislation: What is in it?The most controversial part of the bill is related to a provision that would create the Office of Election Crimes and Security under the Florida Department of State. The office would be able to initiate independent inquiries and conduct preliminary investigations "into allegations of election law violations or election irregularities in this state.


6. 
		(CNN)The elections administrator in Harris County, Texas, announced Tuesday that she had submitted her resignation, amid a mail-in ballot counting discrepancy in election night results. Isabel Longoria, who since 2020 has overseen elections in Harris County, which includes Houston, said her resignation would be effective July 1.Longoria's resignation comes amid backlash over issues with the March 1 primary in her county, Texas' most populous, which included damaged ballots that delayed the reporting of results and a vote discrepancy that has left thousands of ballots out of the unofficial primary results.


7. 
		By Kelly Mena, CNNCNN — The GOP-led Florida state House is set on Wednesday to give final passage to a bill that aims to change election laws in the Sunshine State, including creating an election police force -- a proposal championed by Republican Gov. Ron DeSantis.
Here's what you need to know about the legislation:
What is in it?
The most controversial part of the bill is related to a provision that would create the Office of Election Crimes and Security under the Florida Department of State. The office would be able to initiate independent inquiries and conduct preliminary investigations "into allegations of election law violations or election irregularities in this state.


8. 
		By Kelly Mena, CNNCNN — Thousands of mail-in ballots were rejected in Texas' most populous county for the March primary because they did not meet requirements set by the state's new voting law passed last year by the Republican-led state legislature, according to Houston-area election officials.
Harris County election officials on Friday announced that of the 36,878 mail ballots received for the March 1 primary, a total of 6,888, or 19%, were rejected "as a direct result of Senate Bill 1."
Under the law, voters had to include a Texas identification number or a partial Social Security number when returning their mail-in ballots.


9. 
		Former Attorney General William Barr on Friday stood by his widely criticized comments before the 2020 election that mail voting was vulnerable to fraud, even as he condemned former President Donald Trump's false post-election claims that the 2020 contest had been stolen from him.
 

 'I stand by all of that,' Barr told CNN's Jake Tapper on 'The Lead.' 'My view is that in such a closely divided country with so much at stake, we have to keep strong protections against fraud and protect the integrity of the election, and I think when they are diluted and reduced – which they were – then people are not going to have confidence in the election, whether or not fraud occurs.


10. 
		(CNN)Thousands of mail-in ballots were rejected in Texas' most populous county for the March primary because they did not meet requirements set by the state's new voting law passed last year by the Republican-led state legislature, according to Houston-area election officials. Harris County election officials on Friday announced that of the 36,878 mail ballots received for the March 1 primary, a total of 6,888, or 19%, were rejected "as a direct result of Senate Bill 1." Under the law, voters had to include a Texas identification number or a partial Social Security number when returning their mail-in ballots.


