1. 
		(CNN)Bobbie and Bill Kilberg were expecting a few dozen people for their fundraiser Monday for GOP Rep. Liz Cheney, an intimate cocktail party they were planning at their home in McLean, Virginia. But in the weeks since the Republican National Committee voted to censure Cheney for her involvement in the ongoing House select committee investigation of the January 6, 2021, attack on the US Capitol, the couple was flooded with requests to come and meet the congresswoman and the event's special guest, Utah GOP Sen.


2. 
		By Michael Warren, CNNCNN — Bobbie and Bill Kilberg were expecting a few dozen people for their fundraiser Monday for GOP Rep. Liz Cheney, an intimate cocktail party they were planning at their home in McLean, Virginia.
But in the weeks since the Republican National Committee voted to censure Cheney for her involvement in the ongoing House select committee investigation of the January 6, 2021, attack on the US Capitol, the couple was flooded with requests to come and meet the congresswoman and the event's special guest, Utah GOP Sen.


3. 
		(CNN)Wisconsin, North Carolina and Ohio are once some of the most closely contested battleground states. But for more than a decade, extreme gerrymandering in these three states tipped the scales in favor of the Republican Party. As a result, district maps sent a disproportionate number of Republicans to Washington and often protected lawmakers against significant blue waves. Our democracy is in dire straits. Earlier this year, a GOP filibuster stalled crucial voting rights laws in Congress while in 2019 a US Supreme Court decision shuttered federal courts to partisan gerrymandering claims, giving state legislatures the green light to take redistricting to extremes.


4. 
		(CNN)First, it was the feud between Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and Florida Sen. Rick Scott over the latter's 11-point plan to "rescue" America if Republicans win majorities in Congress this fall.Now, Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson has caused a stir by suggesting -- and then un-suggesting -- that Republicans would work to repeal the Affordable Care Act if they retake power in Washington. "For example, if we're going to repeal and replace Obamacare — I still think we need to fix our health-care system — we need to have the plan ahead of time so that once we get in office, we can implement it immediately, not knock around like we did last time and fail," Johnson said during a Breitbart News Radio interview Monday morning first flagged by The Washington Post.


5. 
		(CNN)On Monday night, the US Supreme Court rejected Republican-led challenges to congressional district maps in North Carolina and Pennsylvania, handing Democrats a win in each of the hotly contested states.The Supreme Court's decision effectively cements a huge story that has been under the radar for months now: Democrats are on track to emerge from the decennial redistricting process in FAR better shape than either party expected even a year ago."This ruling ensures the 2022 House map will be much less skewed towards Republicans than the current one (and perhaps not skewed towards Rs at all)," tweeted Dave Wasserman, a nonpartisan redistricting expert and House editor at the Cook Political Report, on Monday night.


6. 
		(CNN)Mississippi Gov. Tate Reeves on Monday signed into law a bill described as a prohibition on critical race theory (CRT), becoming the latest Republican-controlled state to legislate how history and race can be taught in schools.Reeves, a Republican, posted a video of him signing the bill, saying, "In too many schools around the US, CRT is running amok. It threatens the integrity of education & aims to only humiliate and indoctrinate. That's why I signed legislation that will help keep CRT where it belongs -- out of (Mississippi) classrooms.


7. 
		All of the Senate contests both sides consider the most competitive will be in states that Joe Biden won in 2020, albeit in most cases narrowly. That geography could provide a critical boost for beleaguered Democrats in an era when both parties are finding it more difficult to win Senate races in states that usually vote the other way for president. That dynamic has grown so powerful that each party now holds just three of the 50 Senate seats in the 25 states that voted against their presidential candidates in the 2020 election.


8. 
		(CNN)The one silver lining for Democrats on an otherwise stormy political horizon may be the map of states with competitive Senate races this fall.All of the Senate contests both sides consider the most competitive will be in states that Joe Biden won in 2020, albeit in most cases narrowly. That geography could provide a critical boost for beleaguered Democrats in an era when both parties are finding it more difficult to win Senate races in states that usually vote the other way for president. That dynamic has grown so powerful that each party now holds just three of the 50 Senate seats in the 25 states that voted against their presidential candidates in the 2020 election.


9. 
		By Jamiel Lynch and Jeremy Grisham, CNNCNN — Mississippi Gov. Tate Reeves on Monday signed into law a bill described as a prohibition on critical race theory (CRT), becoming the latest Republican-controlled state to legislate how history and race can be taught in schools.
Reeves, a Republican, posted a video of him signing the bill, saying, "In too many schools around the US, CRT is running amok. It threatens the integrity of education & aims to only humiliate and indoctrinate. That's why I signed legislation that will help keep CRT where it belongs -- out of (Mississippi) classrooms.


10. 
		(CNN)At gatherings in Washington and Philadelphia this week, President Joe Biden sought to rally Democrats around a midterm message that the party has delivered on its domestic promises. What Democrats need to do, he and other party brass argued, is make sure Americans know what they've accomplished.But he also admitted at the House Democratic retreat in Philadelphia on Friday that making that case to voters is no easy task."The American people just trying to stay above water don't understand this," Biden said.


