1. 
		Mortgage rates are rising again amid fears of soaring inflation. The 30-year fixed-rate mortgage averaged 3.85% in the week ending March 10, up from 3.76% the week before, according to Freddie Mac.Inflation fears and geopolitical uncertainty are both having an impact, said Sam Khater, Freddie Mac's chief economist."Over the long-term, we expect rates to continue to rise as inflation broadens and shortages increasingly impact many segments of the economy," said Khater. "However, uncertainty about the war in Ukraine is driving rate volatility that likely will continue in the short-term.


2. 
		New York (CNN Business)The United States and its allies are considering additional sanctions to punish Russia for "atrocities" committed in Ukraine even as existing sanctions deal a powerful blow to the Russian economy, US Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen said Thursday."The Russian economy will be devastated as a consequence of what we've already done, but we ... continue to consider further steps we can take," Yellen said during a Washington Post Live event. Yellen did not detail specifics on what additional sanctions could be imposed, though she did note that Russia has not halted its invasion of Ukraine.


3. 
		New York (CNN Business)American consumers are getting pummeled from all sides: Supply chain constraints and high demand mean delays for products and rising costs. Now gas prices are soaring on the back of the Russia-Ukraine conflict, creating an even more bitter cocktail.An early look at how Americans are feeling about the economy in March found that US consumer sentiment declined more than expected, the University of Michigan reported Friday. The index of consumer sentiment dropped to 59.7 points, the lowest level since 2011.


4. 
		Rising inflation is hitting all sectors of the economy. The overall rate of inflation on an annual basis reached 7.5% at the end of January, the highest level since 1982. Gas prices, in particular, are rising especially fast, reaching $4.25 a gallon on Wednesday, up from about $2.86 per gallon last March. That means filling a 20-gallon tank right now costs $85, up from $57.20 last year at this time. A recent report by Moody's Analytics estimated that inflation was costing the average household $276 more per month, or about $1,100 per quarter.


5. 
		12 PM ET: Biden's inflation plan, US oil, travel mask mandate & more CNN 5 Things Inflation in the US is on the rise and President Joe Biden says he's working on it. Despite the fighter jet fiasco, Vice President Kamala Harris affirms the US and Poland are united and announces new humanitarian aid for Ukrainians. Gas prices are skyrocketing and some want the US to step up its domestic production – we'll tell you what energy experts think about that. The Biden administration is set to extend one of the last remaining mask rules in the US: the travel mask mandate.


6. 
		New York (CNN Business)Prices kept rising last month in America, pushing a key inflation measure to a level not seen since January 1982.The Consumer Price Index, which measures a basket of goods and services, stood at 7.9% over the 12-month period that ended in February, without seasonal adjustments, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Thursday. That was in line with what economists had predicted.Prices for gas, food and housing -- which are necessary rather than discretionary spending -- drove the February price increases.


7. 
		By Betsy Klein, CNNCNN — The White House is bracing for a new inflation report coming out Thursday that it expects will show continued high prices for Americans.
The consumer price index, a key report indicating inflation in the US, will be released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics at 8:30 a.m. ET Thursday. Last month's report showed inflation rose to 7.5% in the 12 months ending in January, a near-40-year high.
"As we're looking ahead, we certainly assess that we expect to see a high headline and headline inflation in tomorrow's February inflation data," White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Wednesday.


8. 
		(CNN)The White House is bracing for a new inflation report coming out Thursday that it expects will show continued high prices for Americans. The consumer price index, a key report indicating inflation in the US, will be released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics at 8:30 a.m. ET Thursday. Last month's report showed inflation rose to 7.5% in the 12 months ending in January, a near-40-year high."As we're looking ahead, we certainly assess that we expect to see a high headline and headline inflation in tomorrow's February inflation data," White House press secretary Jen Psaki said Wednesday.


9. 
		New York (CNN Business)So much for Wednesday's big market rally. Stocks slid Thursday after the US government reported a significant spike in consumer prices. Inflation is clearly not going away, and that means the Federal Reserve is probably going to have to aggressively raise interest rates.The Dow dropped about 150 points, or 0.4%, in late afternoon trading, giving up some of Wednesday's gains. The Dow has now fallen in eight of the last ten trading sessions. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq were also lower Thursday, falling 0.


10. 
		By Anneken Tappe, CNN BusinessCNN — Prices kept rising last month in America, pushing a key inflation measure to a level not seen since January 1982.
The Consumer Price Index, which measures a basket of goods and services, stood at 7.9% over the 12-month period that ended in February, without seasonal adjustments, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported Thursday. That was in line with what economists had predicted.
Prices for gas, food and housing -- which are necessary rather than discretionary spending -- drove the February price increases.


