1. 
		(CNN)The one thing Democrats agreed on after recent gatherings in Washington and Philadelphia was that they can't agree on what the party's message should be for voters this November. "Democrats search for a midterm message at party gatherings," read a CNN headline. "House Democrats Push Biden to Build a Better Midterm Message," read another from the New York Times.Even President Joe Biden acknowledged the party's messaging problems."The American people just trying to stay above water don't understand this," Biden said Friday at a House Democratic retreat.


2. 
		By Chris Cillizza, CNN Editor-at-largeCNN — The one thing Democrats agreed on after recent gatherings in Washington and Philadelphia was that they can't agree on what the party's message should be for voters this November.
"Democrats search for a midterm message at party gatherings," read a CNN headline.
"House Democrats Push Biden to Build a Better Midterm Message," read another from the New York Times.
Even President Joe Biden acknowledged the party's messaging problems.
"The American people just trying to stay above water don't understand this," Biden said Friday at a House Democratic retreat.


3. 
		All of the Senate contests both sides consider the most competitive will be in states that Joe Biden won in 2020, albeit in most cases narrowly. That geography could provide a critical boost for beleaguered Democrats in an era when both parties are finding it more difficult to win Senate races in states that usually vote the other way for president. That dynamic has grown so powerful that each party now holds just three of the 50 Senate seats in the 25 states that voted against their presidential candidates in the 2020 election.


4. 
		(CNN) A group of 89 House Democrats, including progressives and moderates, sent a letter to President Joe Biden Monday morning urging him to restart negotiations on a Democrat-only spending bill centered around climate action.

The letter comes a few weeks after Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia opened the door for new negotiations by outlining what he wants to see in a Democrat-only spending bill. Manchin previously said he wants to pass tax reforms and measures to reduce the deficit but also said revenue from that should be put towards climate funding.


5. 
		(CNN)On Monday night, the US Supreme Court rejected Republican-led challenges to congressional district maps in North Carolina and Pennsylvania, handing Democrats a win in each of the hotly contested states.The Supreme Court's decision effectively cements a huge story that has been under the radar for months now: Democrats are on track to emerge from the decennial redistricting process in FAR better shape than either party expected even a year ago."This ruling ensures the 2022 House map will be much less skewed towards Republicans than the current one (and perhaps not skewed towards Rs at all)," tweeted Dave Wasserman, a nonpartisan redistricting expert and House editor at the Cook Political Report, on Monday night.


6. 
		(CNN)The one silver lining for Democrats on an otherwise stormy political horizon may be the map of states with competitive Senate races this fall.All of the Senate contests both sides consider the most competitive will be in states that Joe Biden won in 2020, albeit in most cases narrowly. That geography could provide a critical boost for beleaguered Democrats in an era when both parties are finding it more difficult to win Senate races in states that usually vote the other way for president. That dynamic has grown so powerful that each party now holds just three of the 50 Senate seats in the 25 states that voted against their presidential candidates in the 2020 election.


7. 
		(CNN)Nancy Pelosi was not happy. The House speaker had cut a hard-fought deal with Republicans to fund every aspect of the government, provide desperately needed aid to Ukraine, and bolster efforts to combat the pandemic.Then came Rep. Mark Pocan. In a tense meeting in her office, Pelosi was angry with the Wisconsin Democrat for threatening to oppose the massive spending bill over concerns that the Covid-19 relief money would be offset by clawing back dollars from his home state, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter.


8. 
		By Manu Raju, Melanie Zanona and Annie Grayer, CNNCNN — Nancy Pelosi was not happy. The House speaker had cut a hard-fought deal with Republicans to fund every aspect of the government, provide desperately needed aid to Ukraine, and bolster efforts to combat the pandemic.
Then came Rep. Mark Pocan.
In a tense meeting in her office, Pelosi was angry with the Wisconsin Democrat for threatening to oppose the massive spending bill over concerns that the Covid-19 relief money would be offset by clawing back dollars from his home state, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter.


9. 
		By Ella Nilsen, CNNCNN — A group of 89 House Democrats, including progressives and moderates, sent a letter to President Joe Biden Monday morning urging him to restart negotiations on a Democrat-only spending bill centered around climate action.
The letter comes a few weeks after Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia opened the door for new negotiations by outlining what he wants to see in a Democrat-only spending bill. Manchin previously said he wants to pass tax reforms and measures to reduce the deficit but also said revenue from that should be put towards climate funding.


10. 
		At gatherings in Washington and Philadelphia this week, President Joe Biden sought to rally Democrats around a midterm message that the party has delivered on its domestic promises. What Democrats need to do, he and other party brass argued, is make sure Americans know what they've accomplished.
 

 But he also admitted at the House Democratic retreat in Philadelphia on Friday that making that case to voters is no easy task.
 

 'The American people just trying to stay above water don't understand this,' Biden said.


