1. 
		CNN host Fareed Zakaria observed Sunday that under the leadership of President Joe Biden, the era of global American dominance is over.

What is the background?

The Wall Street Journal reported last week that leaders in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates declined calls with Biden as Russia's war in Ukraine intensified.

According to the report, relations between the U.S. and the Middle Eastern kingdoms have strained under Biden. However, the White House denied the truth of the report.

"That report is inaccurate, so let me start there," White House press secretary Jen Psaki said.


2. 
		Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) ripped into President Joe Biden (D) for attempting to pin all of the blame on higher gas prices on the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
 Cruz was referring to comments from Biden to reporters on Tuesday saying that gas prices would get worse, but he was powerless to do anything about it.
 "They're going to go up," said Biden about gas prices.
 "Can't do much right now. Russia's responsible," he added.
 Cruz took to Twitter to refute the claim from the president.
 "This is a flat-out lie.


3. 
		Fox News reporter Peter Doocy exposed on Thursday the emptiness of President Joe Biden's plan to blame Russian President Vladimir Putin for his domestic problems.This week, the Biden administration coalesced around messaging that blames Putin for sky-high gas prices and historic inflation, despite both economic problems existing long before the Russia-Ukraine war.What happened Thursday?During the daily press briefing, Doocy asked White House press secretary Jen Psaki whether the Biden administration is "just going to start blaming Putin for everything until the midterms?"At first, Psaki defended the plan.


4. 
		President Joe Biden shared his plan to sanction Russia by shutting down the Russian pipeline as a "punishment to hurt the Russian economy."Tuesday, on "The Chad Prather Show," Chad explored a possible unintended admission made by President Biden when he announced his plan to impose sanctions on Russia. Suppose Biden believes shutting down an oil pipeline to sanction Russia will damage the Russian economy. What did Biden expect to happen to the U.S. economy when he shut down the Keystone XL Pipeline? Chad explained that American oil companies stopped drilling because oil prices dropped due to demand destruction.


5. 
		


6. 
		


7. 
		


8. 
		The Biden administration appeared to put out conflicting messages on gas prices when U.S. Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm begged oil companies to increase production in order to ease the price at the pump.
 The statement came after several administration members denied that increasing domestic production was possible or that it would have any effect on gas prices.
 'Right now, we need oil and gas production to rise to meet current demand,' Granholm told hundreds of energy executives at the CERAWeek by S&P Global conference in Houston, Texas.


9. 
		During the House Democrats' retreat this week, a Wednesday night reception hosted by Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee chair Sean Patrick Maloney will include "musical entertainment by Lady Bunny," according to a copy of the Issues Conference schedule posted by the Daily Caller."While her mind may be in the gutter, Lady Bunny's quick-witted humor is authentic, smart, irreverent, and topical," a portion of the biography on ladbybunny.net states. "In her disarming honeyed drawl, she astutely skewers political correctness, calls out gentrification outrage, spit-roasts politicians, taunts vaunted celebrities, and schools audiences on the unique legacy of New York City drag.


10. 
		


