1. Fox News correspondent Benjamin Hall injured, hospitalized while working in Ukraine
		Fox News correspondent Benjamin Hall sustained injury while working in Ukraine, according to the media outlet, which noted that the journalist had been hospitalized."Earlier today, our correspondent Benjamin Hall was injured while newsgathering outside of Kyiv in Ukraine," Fox News Media CEO Suzanne Scott noted in a statement, according to the outlet. "We have a minimal level of details right now, but Ben is hospitalized and our teams on the ground are working to gather additional information as the situation quickly unfolds.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/fox-news-correspondent-benjamin-hall-injured-in-ukraine


2. The truth about those US-funded biological laboratories in Ukraine
		In case you haven't noticed, there has been quite the controversy in the last week about whether Ukraine does or does not have biological research facilities that were funded, at least in part, by the United States military. The accusation has been the subject of some absurd fact-checks by our corporate media and accusations of "Russian disinformation" from our government. The truth is: Yes, there are indeed biological research facilities in Ukraine that have been funded by our government. We don't have any way to know whether these facilities were conducting research that was intended to produce weapons or not, but we do know that if the pathogens housed in these facilities escaped, they would be just as deadly as as an intentionally produced bioweapon.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/the-truth-about-those-us-funded-biological-laboratories-in-ukraine


3. Mark Levin brings the heat, asks tough questions about US strategy against Putin
		Mark Levin described Putin's ruthless invasion of Ukraine as having revealed his evil ambitions. As the west mobilizes against his atrocities, Putin turns to threatens the use of nuclear weapons against all who come to Ukraine's aid.
 Now, Mark and others are asking if "it would be so bad to take Putin out." So, why is the Biden administration willing to settle for the slow death of Ukraine? Mark tackles these questions and goes on to explain different ways Ukraine can be helped without sending troops to the battlefield.
		https://www.theblaze.com/mark-levin-2656931564


4. Congressional Hispanic Caucus chair urges Biden to raise refugee admissions cap above 125,000 for this fiscal year
		Congressional Hispanic Caucus chair Rep. Raul Ruiz (D-Calif.) is calling on President Joe Biden to raise the refugee admissions cap for this fiscal year in light of the humanitarian crisis caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine."Russia's unprovoked attack on Ukraine has created an escalating humanitarian crisis. The United States must respond by opening its arms to those seeking safety and security. I ask that you issue an Emergency Presidential Determination raising refugee admissions for the remainder of Fiscal Year 2022, expedite family reunification of Ukrainians in the United States, and do everything possible to rebuild the U.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/raul-ruiz-calls-biden-to-raise-refugee-admissions-cap


5. Ted Cruz hammers Biden for claiming the Russian invasion is solely to blame for high gas prices: 'This is a flat-out lie'
		Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) ripped into President Joe Biden (D) for attempting to pin all of the blame on higher gas prices on the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
 Cruz was referring to comments from Biden to reporters on Tuesday saying that gas prices would get worse, but he was powerless to do anything about it.
 "They're going to go up," said Biden about gas prices.
 "Can't do much right now. Russia's responsible," he added.
 Cruz took to Twitter to refute the claim from the president.
 "This is a flat-out lie.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/ted-cruz-biden-oil-russia


6. Horowitz: Are the Ukraine biolabs connected to the coronavirus gain-of-function research?
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/op-ed/horowitz-are-the-ukraine-biolabs-connected-to-the-coronavirus-gain-of-function-research


7. In apparent push to funnel planes to Ukraine, Poland says it is prepared to place MIG-29s at America's 'disposal,' but the US says the plan is not 'tenable'
		Poland's Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced on Tuesday that the country is prepared to dispatch its fleet of MIG-29 jets to Ramstein Air Base in Germany, placing the aircraft at the American government's "disposal." The proposal appears to be aimed at funneling the aircraft to Ukraine as that country seeks to repel Russian invaders — but the U.S. has indicated that it is not on board."The authorities of the Republic of Poland, after consultations between the President and the Government, are ready to deploy – immediately and free of charge – all their MIG-29 jets to the Ramstein Air Base and place them at the disposal of the Government of the United States of America," the statement of Poland's minister of foreign affairs declared.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/pentagon-pushes-back-after-poland-announces-plan-to-send-planes-to-ramstein


8. It's a Russian TRAP: The American cost of helping Ukraine
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/shows/glenn-tv/russian-economic-new-world-order


9. Russia is requesting that China provide support for the ongoing invasion of Ukraine
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/russia-is-requesting-that-china-provide-support-of-the-ongoing-invasion-of-ukraine


10. Israeli leadership urged Ukraine to accept Putin's peace offer and cede territory to Russia
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/israeli-leadership-urged-ukraine-to-accept-putin-s-peace-offer-and-cede-territory-to-russia


