1. 
		Fox News reporter Peter Doocy exposed on Thursday the emptiness of President Joe Biden's plan to blame Russian President Vladimir Putin for his domestic problems.This week, the Biden administration coalesced around messaging that blames Putin for sky-high gas prices and historic inflation, despite both economic problems existing long before the Russia-Ukraine war.What happened Thursday?During the daily press briefing, Doocy asked White House press secretary Jen Psaki whether the Biden administration is "just going to start blaming Putin for everything until the midterms?"At first, Psaki defended the plan.


2. 
		Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky has proposed an amendment that would nix the position of director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, a role Dr. Anthony Fauci has occupied for more than three decades.Under Paul's proposal, Fauci's role would be eliminated and replaced with three directors tasked with leading three new institutes: A National Institute of Allergic Diseases, a National Institute of Infectious Diseases, and a National Institute of Immunologic Diseases.


3. 
		Moderna is a biotechnology company that was founded in 2010 and develops medicines based on mRNA technology. Stéphane Bancel – who was previously a top executive at pharmaceutical behemoth Eli Lilly and Company and CEO of French biotech company bioMérieux – was hired as CEO of Moderna in 2011. Moderna went public in 2018 and raised more than $600 million at its initial public offering, making it the biggest biotechnology IPO at the time. Moderna, which is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, brought its first product to market in December 2020, when the Food and Drug Administration gave emergency use authorization to Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine.


4. 
		One of the most criminal aspects of the COVID regime was the decision to pressure low-risk teens into getting a shot that was known to cause cardiac inflammation. Myocarditis used to be a rare disorder discussed mainly in academic literature, but now it is everywhere. What have we done to a generation of young hearts, and what is being done to detect, diagnose, and treat the problem? Unless we can find an angle that ties in to Ukraine, our politicians, media, and medical establishment don't care.


5. 
		In case you haven't noticed, there has been quite the controversy in the last week about whether Ukraine does or does not have biological research facilities that were funded, at least in part, by the United States military. The accusation has been the subject of some absurd fact-checks by our corporate media and accusations of "Russian disinformation" from our government. The truth is: Yes, there are indeed biological research facilities in Ukraine that have been funded by our government. We don't have any way to know whether these facilities were conducting research that was intended to produce weapons or not, but we do know that if the pathogens housed in these facilities escaped, they would be just as deadly as as an intentionally produced bioweapon.


