1. 
		Leftists have found their new Trump, and it's PUTIN! Today, Steven goes through all the problems they want you to blame Putin for instead of themselves. Also, both Nancy Pelosi and Kamala Harris took turns showing what dingbats they are. And there are sexy summer camps now? That and more on today's episode of "Louder Crowder."
Want more from Steven Crowder?To enjoy more of Steven's uncensored late-night comedy that's actually funny, join Mug Club — the only place for all of Crowder uncensored and on demand.


2. 
		


3. 
		


4. 
		


5. 
		CNN host Fareed Zakaria observed Sunday that under the leadership of President Joe Biden, the era of global American dominance is over.

What is the background?

The Wall Street Journal reported last week that leaders in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates declined calls with Biden as Russia's war in Ukraine intensified.

According to the report, relations between the U.S. and the Middle Eastern kingdoms have strained under Biden. However, the White House denied the truth of the report.

"That report is inaccurate, so let me start there," White House press secretary Jen Psaki said.


6. 
		The co-hosts of "The View" excoriated critics who were mocking Vice President Kamala Harris' awkward laugh are motivated by racism and misogyny.
 Many on social media ridiculed an odd moment when Harris laughed during a media briefing with Polish President Andrzej Duda about the very serious war in Ukraine.
 Three of the four hosts on "The View" Friday thought the real problem was bigotry against Harris' half-Jamaican, half-Indian heritage.
 "I don't see them making fun of Pence's laugh or any of the guys," said Joy Behar.


7. 
		Jussie Smollett on Thursday was sentenced to 150 days in jail after a jury in December found him guilty on five of six counts of felony disorderly conduct for staging a hate crime against himself and then lying to police about the hoax.
After his sentence was handed down, Smollett spoke sharply to Cook County Judge James Linn and said, "I am not suicidal, and I am innocent." He added that "I did not do this" and that "if anything happens" to him while in jail that he didn't do it to himself.The sentence also included 30 months probation, $120,000 of restitution payments, and a $25,000 fine.


