1. Moderna CEO made more than $18 million in 2021, could receive golden parachute worth nearly $1 billion
		Moderna is a biotechnology company that was founded in 2010 and develops medicines based on mRNA technology. Stéphane Bancel – who was previously a top executive at pharmaceutical behemoth Eli Lilly and Company and CEO of French biotech company bioMérieux – was hired as CEO of Moderna in 2011. Moderna went public in 2018 and raised more than $600 million at its initial public offering, making it the biggest biotechnology IPO at the time. Moderna, which is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, brought its first product to market in December 2020, when the Food and Drug Administration gave emergency use authorization to Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/moderna-ceo-stephane-bancel-net-worth-parachute


2. Drag queen scheduled to perform at House Democrats' retreat called Biden 'senile,' said that Dems 'are begging to lose' if they run Hillary Clinton for president again
		During the House Democrats' retreat this week, a Wednesday night reception hosted by Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee chair Sean Patrick Maloney will include "musical entertainment by Lady Bunny," according to a copy of the Issues Conference schedule posted by the Daily Caller."While her mind may be in the gutter, Lady Bunny's quick-witted humor is authentic, smart, irreverent, and topical," a portion of the biography on ladbybunny.net states. "In her disarming honeyed drawl, she astutely skewers political correctness, calls out gentrification outrage, spit-roasts politicians, taunts vaunted celebrities, and schools audiences on the unique legacy of New York City drag.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/lady-bunny-drag-queen-democrat-retreat


3. Horowitz: VAERS myocarditis already 47% of 2021 in just first 2 months of 2022
		One of the most criminal aspects of the COVID regime was the decision to pressure low-risk teens into getting a shot that was known to cause cardiac inflammation. Myocarditis used to be a rare disorder discussed mainly in academic literature, but now it is everywhere. What have we done to a generation of young hearts, and what is being done to detect, diagnose, and treat the problem? Unless we can find an angle that ties in to Ukraine, our politicians, media, and medical establishment don't care.
		https://www.theblaze.com/op-ed/horowitz-vaers-myocarditis-already-47-of-2021-in-just-first-2-months-of-2022


4. BOMBSHELL: Government BRIBED 'conservative' media to push the vaccine
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/shows/you-are-here/bombshell-government-bribed-conservative-media-to-push-the-vaccine


5. Florida surgeon general says the state's department of health will recommend against COVID-19 vaccination for healthy kids
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/ladapo-florida-will-recommend-against-vaccine-for-healthy-kids


6. Navy says destroyer can't sail because commander won't get COVID vaccine — and his superiors want him gone
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/navy-destroyer-can-t-sail-because-commander-won-t-get-covid-vaccine-and-his-superiors-want-him-gone


7. Report: In leaked audio, former NIH director Francis Collins laughs off threatening vaccine refusers with unemployment, blames Trump — not Biden — for COVID-19 deaths
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/nih-francis-collins-leaked-audio


8. The truth about those US-funded biological laboratories in Ukraine
		In case you haven't noticed, there has been quite the controversy in the last week about whether Ukraine does or does not have biological research facilities that were funded, at least in part, by the United States military. The accusation has been the subject of some absurd fact-checks by our corporate media and accusations of "Russian disinformation" from our government. The truth is: Yes, there are indeed biological research facilities in Ukraine that have been funded by our government. We don't have any way to know whether these facilities were conducting research that was intended to produce weapons or not, but we do know that if the pathogens housed in these facilities escaped, they would be just as deadly as as an intentionally produced bioweapon.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/the-truth-about-those-us-funded-biological-laboratories-in-ukraine


