1. White House briefed TikTok stars on Ukraine invasion, Jen Psaki told influencers that Russia 'hacked' 2016 election
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/white-house-tiktok-russia-election


2. Veteran NYPD cop: NYC has 'turned against' the police, so expect crime to stick around for a while
		We've seen the fallout of the left's incessant "defund the police" diatribes. More crime. More fear. Less hope.
 Though citizens often believe they're bearing the brunt of leftists' anti-police agenda, it's important to remember what cops are experiencing, too.
 Scott Welsh spent 29 years as a cop for the New York Police Department before his recent retirement. He grew up in Queens and still lives in Gotham. He loved serving and protecting the people of New York.
 But he noticed something insidious happening the last few years: The city has "turned against" the police, and he detailed his experience in an op-ed for the New York Post.
		https://www.theblaze.com/furnace/veteran-nypd-cop-nyc-has-turned-against-the-police


3. 'The View' hosts say people mocking Kamala Harris' awkward laugh are racist and misogynist
		The co-hosts of "The View" excoriated critics who were mocking Vice President Kamala Harris' awkward laugh are motivated by racism and misogyny.
 Many on social media ridiculed an odd moment when Harris laughed during a media briefing with Polish President Andrzej Duda about the very serious war in Ukraine.
 Three of the four hosts on "The View" Friday thought the real problem was bigotry against Harris' half-Jamaican, half-Indian heritage.
 "I don't see them making fun of Pence's laugh or any of the guys," said Joy Behar.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/theview-kamala-harris-racism-misogyny


4. Aide to Democrat Dianne Feinstein fired after saying senator 'cares more about her dog than black people.' So he tapes himself smoking pot in her Capitol Hill office.
		The short version of the story Jamarcus Purley told to Latino Rebels is that after working as an aide in California Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein's office on Capitol Hill for five years — and determining that she and the rest of the staff weren't doing enough for black people — he let them know about it no uncertain terms.
 On Jan. 24, Purley told the staff during a meeting — among other things — that Feinstein 'cares more about her dog than black people," the outlet reported.
What happened next? Purley noted to the outlet that a number of fellow staffers offered him quiet support for his words, but on Feb.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/feinstein-aide-fired-smokes-pot-in-capitol-hill-office


