1. Fox News reporter exposes critical flaw in Biden's plan to 'start blaming Putin for everything'
		Fox News reporter Peter Doocy exposed on Thursday the emptiness of President Joe Biden's plan to blame Russian President Vladimir Putin for his domestic problems.This week, the Biden administration coalesced around messaging that blames Putin for sky-high gas prices and historic inflation, despite both economic problems existing long before the Russia-Ukraine war.What happened Thursday?During the daily press briefing, Doocy asked White House press secretary Jen Psaki whether the Biden administration is "just going to start blaming Putin for everything until the midterms?"At first, Psaki defended the plan.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/fox-news-reporter-exposes-critical-flaw-in-bidens-plan-to-start-blaming-putin-for-everything


2. Biden points to Putin amid inflation woes, claims 'inflation is largely the fault' of the Russian president
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/biden-says-putin-largely-to-blame-for-inflation


3. Inflation breaks another record, 64% of Americans now living paycheck to paycheck in the Biden economy
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/inflation-breaks-another-record-in-biden-economy


4. 'This is Biden's inflation and he needs to own it': Ex-Obama official drops truth bomb as Biden blames Russia
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/this-is-biden-s-inflation-and-he-needs-to-own-it-ex-obama-official-drops-truth-bomb-as-biden-blames-russia


5. House passes massive $1.5 trillion spending package even as Americans suffer under the strain of high inflation
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/house-passes-spending-package


6. SCAMMED consumers are getting hit hard by 'shrinkflation'
		Jeff Greenberg / Contributor / Getty Images 


Does it seem as though you are not getting the same bang for your buck at the grocery store?. Many consumers describe that as shrinkflation: when product sizes shrink, but prices stay the same.Did you know there is such a profession as a consumer rights lawyer? Consumer rights lawyer Edgar Dworsky says, 'Downsizing comes in waves, and it tends to happen during times of increased inflation." Dworsky tracks downsized products on consumerworld.org and explained that "bottom lines are being pinched and there are three basic options: raise the price directly, take a little bit out of the product, or reformulate the product with cheaper ingredients.
		https://www.theblaze.com/video/ready-scammed-how-you-re-getting-much-less-from-your-favorite-products-at-the-same-cost


7. Everything you need to know about a possible financial WAR with China
		We're edging closer and closer to a world war, but Glenn Beck believes we're already in a world war when it comes to the dollar. Russia and China are already starting to create an alternative to the petrodollar, which has never been a good sign for peace. And if successful, not only will inflation go through the roof, but America and the world will face its most significant shift since World War II. Glenn believes one of the tripwires that warn where we're heading was just tripped over the weekend.
		https://www.theblaze.com/shows/the-glenn-beck-program/ready-everything-you-need-to-know-about-a-possible-financial-war-with-china


8. Ted Cruz hammers Biden for claiming the Russian invasion is solely to blame for high gas prices: 'This is a flat-out lie'
		Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) ripped into President Joe Biden (D) for attempting to pin all of the blame on higher gas prices on the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
 Cruz was referring to comments from Biden to reporters on Tuesday saying that gas prices would get worse, but he was powerless to do anything about it.
 "They're going to go up," said Biden about gas prices.
 "Can't do much right now. Russia's responsible," he added.
 Cruz took to Twitter to refute the claim from the president.
 "This is a flat-out lie.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/ted-cruz-biden-oil-russia


