1. Mike Lee leads Senate Republicans in effort to expose 'secret internal guidance' ATF used to go after gun owners
		Republican lawmakers are demanding answers from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms & Explosives after a conservative gun rights group leaked documents showing the agency developed purported "secret guidance" regulating various firearms accessories.
 A group of 20 U.S. senators led by Mike Lee (R-Utah) have asked Attorney General Merrick Garland and acting ATF Director Marvin Richardson to turn over "all internal instructions, directives, or guidance" related to the regulation of "solvent traps" and "forced reset triggers" as "unregistered silencers and machine guns, respectively.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/mike-lee-leads-senate-republicans-in-effort-to-expose-secret-internal-guidance-at-atf-used-to-go-after-gun-owners


2. Republican Senators demand Biden send fighter jets to Ukraine: 'Enough talk. People are dying.'
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/gop-fighter-jets-biden-ukraine


3. Poll: A majority of Democrats say they would flee the US during an invasion, but a majority of Republicans say they would remain and fight
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/poll-finds-that-majority-of-democrats-would-flee-during-us-invasion


4. Sen. Rand Paul proposes nixing Fauci's position as NIAID director, ​splitting it up between three new institutes
		Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky has proposed an amendment that would nix the position of director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, a role Dr. Anthony Fauci has occupied for more than three decades.Under Paul's proposal, Fauci's role would be eliminated and replaced with three directors tasked with leading three new institutes: A National Institute of Allergic Diseases, a National Institute of Infectious Diseases, and a National Institute of Immunologic Diseases.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/rand-paul-amendment-eliminate-faucis-position


5. 'The View' hosts say people mocking Kamala Harris' awkward laugh are racist and misogynist
		The co-hosts of "The View" excoriated critics who were mocking Vice President Kamala Harris' awkward laugh are motivated by racism and misogyny.
 Many on social media ridiculed an odd moment when Harris laughed during a media briefing with Polish President Andrzej Duda about the very serious war in Ukraine.
 Three of the four hosts on "The View" Friday thought the real problem was bigotry against Harris' half-Jamaican, half-Indian heritage.
 "I don't see them making fun of Pence's laugh or any of the guys," said Joy Behar.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/theview-kamala-harris-racism-misogyny


6. Texas Supreme Court shuts down remaining challenge to heartbeat abortion ban, effectively ending abortion providers' federal lawsuit
		The Texas Supreme Court this week delivered a critical blow to abortion providers that sought to block the state's controversial six-week abortion ban, known as the "Heartbeat Act," that prohibits abortion procedures after fetal cardiac activity is detected.In a unanimous ruling issued Friday, the top state court determined that abortion providers cannot sue state licensing officials in order to challenge the law since those officials do not have the ability to enforce the law, Axios reported. Under the legislation, private civil action is the only enforcement mechanism.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/texas-supreme-court-shuts-down-lawsuit-against-abortion-ban


