1. Drag queen scheduled to perform at House Democrats' retreat called Biden 'senile,' said that Dems 'are begging to lose' if they run Hillary Clinton for president again
		During the House Democrats' retreat this week, a Wednesday night reception hosted by Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee chair Sean Patrick Maloney will include "musical entertainment by Lady Bunny," according to a copy of the Issues Conference schedule posted by the Daily Caller."While her mind may be in the gutter, Lady Bunny's quick-witted humor is authentic, smart, irreverent, and topical," a portion of the biography on ladbybunny.net states. "In her disarming honeyed drawl, she astutely skewers political correctness, calls out gentrification outrage, spit-roasts politicians, taunts vaunted celebrities, and schools audiences on the unique legacy of New York City drag.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/lady-bunny-drag-queen-democrat-retreat


2. Energy industry pro annihilates clueless Buttigieg, Democrat policies causing gas price hike
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/shows/relatable/energy-pro-annihilates-democrats-gas-prices


3. Democrats block bill that would restart Keystone pipeline, boost US energy production
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/democrats-block-bill-that-would-restart-keystone-pipeline-boost-us-energy-production


4. Democrats break ranks, demand Biden increase domestic oil production as he looks to Venezuela and Saudi Arabia
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/democrats-break-ranks-demand-biden-increase-domestic-oil-production


5. Two NY state Democratic lawmakers apologize for posing with a sign comparing the 9/11 terror attacks to climate change
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/democrats-apologize-sign-climate-change-911


6. Poll: A majority of Democrats say they would flee the US during an invasion, but a majority of Republicans say they would remain and fight
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/poll-finds-that-majority-of-democrats-would-flee-during-us-invasion


7. Brutal new poll reveals '5-alarm fire' for Democrats as GOP gains significantly among black, Hispanic voters
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/brutal-new-poll-reveals-5-alarm-fire-for-democrats-as-gop-gains-significantly-among-black-hispanic-voters


8. BlazeTV's Sara Gonzales files police report after being accosted by Beto O'Rourke staffer, 'manhandled' by cop at Democrat's campaign event
		
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/beto-orourke-staffer-police-officer-attack-blazetv-host-sara-gonzales


9. Beto O'Rourke calls Greg Abbott an 'oligarch' and 'thug,' suggests a statewide gun buyback in Texas
		Beto O'Rourke compared current Texas Governor Greg Abbott to a Russian oligarch and proposed a statewide gun buyback program during a Saturday speaking engagement at South by Southwest.KVUE-10, a local ABC affiliate, reported that O'Rourke was the headline speaker at an event hosted by CEO and co-founder of the Texas Tribune, Evan SmithSmith asked O'Rourke — who has become known for launching a string of quixotic political campaigns — why he was running for major political office for the third time.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/beto-o-rourke-calls-greg-abbott-to-an-oligarch-and-thug-suggests-a-statewide-gun-buyback-in-texas


10. Psaki calls Florida bill 'horrific' and 'bullying' — but dodges question about Biden supporting similar policy
		White House press secretary Jen Psaki on Wednesday condemned a Florida bill protecting the rights of Florida parents as "horrific" and "bullying."At the same time, Psaki dodged questions about President Joe Biden's previous support of anti-LGBT legislation in the 1990s.What happened?During the daily press briefing, a reporter asked Psaki how a Senate bill amendment in 1994 — which Biden supported when he was a senator — is different than Florida HB 1557, a bill that protects parental rights in the classroom.
		https://www.theblaze.com/news/psaki-calls-florida-bill-horrific-and-bullying-but-she-dodges-question-about-biden-s-past-support-for-anti-lgbt-amendment


