1. 
		As of Monday, the Hungarian government has lifted nearly all of its Wuhan coronavirus restrictions, with mask mandates now limited to only hospitals and retirement homes.
The government of Prime Minister Viktor Orbán ended mask mandates for indoor public spaces and on public transport on Monday and has also scrapped capacity limits on events that previously required proof of vaccination or a negative test for the coronavirus.


While masks are now no longer mandatory in most areas, they will still be required for those visiting Hungarian hospitals or care homes, Kronen Zeitung reports.


2. 
		The World Health Organization (W.H.O.) lashed out Thursday at what it claims was the slow response to its warnings of the threat posed by coronavirus, rejecting criticism of its work while urging pandemic disbelievers to heed the 'corrected narrative' of events.
The W.H.O. voiced its frustration at people marking the second anniversary of the pandemic commencement as March 11, 2020, instead insisting the real alarm came six weeks earlier on January 30, 2020, when, outside of China, fewer than 100 cases and no deaths had been reported.


3. 
		On Friday's broadcast of ABC's 'GMA3,' economist, Harvard Professor, Director of the National Economic Council under President Barack Obama, and Treasury Secretary under President Bill Clinton Larry Summers called on the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates and signal that further interest rate increases are coming and argued that the Federal Reserve can't blame inflation on the coronavirus pandemic or the war in Ukraine, and the Biden administration can't blame corporate greed for inflation because, at its core, the issue is about 'managing the level of demand in the economy.


4. 
		The Russian Defense Ministry reportedly claimed on Thursday that U.S.-backed Ukrainian laboratories housed 'bat coronavirus,' implicitly supporting Chinese conspiracy theories that America is to blame for the Chinese coronavirus pandemic.
The Chinese coronavirus pandemic began in central Wuhan, China, in late 2019; no evidence has surfaced of any cases of coronavirus infection in America, or Ukraine, prior to the earliest known cases in China. Leaked Chinese internal documents place the date of the first diagnosis of the novel Chinese coronavirus at November 17, 2019.


5. 
		The Foreign Ministry of Russia claimed on Tuesday that the nation's military had 'confirmed' the existence of American-funded biological laboratories in Ukraine used for developing 'biological weapons.'
Russian troops reportedly found 'documentation' showing Ukrainian scientists destroying evidence of 'plague, anthrax, rabbit-fever, cholera and other lethal diseases' studied in the country's laboratories on February 24, according to a statement from Foreign Ministry spokesman Maria Zakharova, as part of their ongoing assault on the country.


6. 
		China's state-run Global Times propaganda newspaper mused on Thursday that the Chinese coronavirus may have originated in America because Americans love 'vampire-themed movies,' leading them to have a 'cultural' inclination to experiment with bat coronaviruses.
An editorial by the Communist Party propaganda site made the assertion in a discussion on unsubstantiated accusations by the Russian government against America, accusing the United States of experimenting on 'bat coronavirus' in laboratories in Ukraine.


7. 
		On Friday Prince Harry and Meghan Markle joined a celebrity and world leader call to warn the world that supposedly the 'pandemic is not over' as the world enters the third year of living with coronavirus.
The disgraced prince and his controversial wife have added their signatures to a letter from ‘The People's Vaccine' – a coronavirus vaccine lobby group – that has called for 70 per cent of the world to be vaccinated by mid-2022, and for vaccines to be provided 'to everyone, everywhere'.


The organisation openly states in the letter that they condemn the approach taken so far by world leaders in an effort to tackle coronavirus as 'immoral, entirely self-defeating and also an ethical, economic and epidemiological failure', and instead called for 'global solidarity'.


8. 
		The coronavirus pandemic is far from over and global governments must continue testing and enforcing social compliance to fight its progress until the World Health Organization (W.H.O.) says otherwise, its Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus declared Wednesday.
The career bureaucrat and longstanding member of a Marxist-Leninist Ethiopian political party spoke as the world's attention has now turned to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the cost of living begins to soar on the back of rising fuel prices and inflation.


9. 
		President Joe Biden celebrated 'International Social Emotional Learning Day' Friday, saying, 'I believe the government has a responsibility to support you.'
Social Emotional Learning (SEL) — an in-school 'psychological training' for children — is a vehicle for injecting critical race theory into classrooms.


'One of the things we have gained during this time is a renewed understanding of how important it is to see one another, hear one another, and take care of one another, especially in times of challenge and need,' the president's March 11 proclamation reads.


10. 
		Organizers of 'The People's Convoy' are set to meet with Sens. Ron Johnson (R-WI) and Ted Cruz (R-TX) on Tuesday to 'discuss the harmful effects of President Biden's vaccine mandates.'
The People's Convoy, which made the transcontinental trek from Adelanto, California, to Hagerstown, Maryland — where they are have been staged for the past three days at the Hagerstown Speedway — has been making its presence known to those in the nation's capital by driving around the Capital Beltway, Interstate 495.


