1. 
		States that have Republican governors and legislatures have overwhelmingly succeeded in leading their state's economic recovery before the majority of those governed by Democrats, according to an analysis of the January state-by-state unemployment data from the Department of Labor.
The Republican National Committee (RNC) research team's analysis of the Labor Department's December data revealed that Republican-led states continue, month after month, to outperform Democrat-led states in job recovery (15 of the top 20 states), and lowest unemployment numbers (17 of the top 20 states) as of January.


2. 
		Republicans have taken a 9-point national lead among Hispanic voters and more than doubled support in the black community to 27 percent, a Wall Street Journal survey shows.
The poll, conducted for the newspaper by Democrat firm Impact Research and GOP firm Fabrizio, Lee & Associates from March 2 to March 7, surveyed 1,500 registered voters and has a 2.5 percent margin of error.


It shows that the GOP has broken open a nearly double-digit lead with Hispanic voters since the Journal's last poll in November, leading Democrats by 9 points, whereas back in November the two parties were tied with the key, growing demographic.


3. 
		The Senate passed the gun control-laden Violence Against Women Act Reauthorization Act (VAWA) as part of the Appropriations Bill late last week, a passage made possible because of Republican support.
To be more specific, the passage was possible because of the votes of 18 Republican senators.


The bill required 60 votes to pass, and that threshold would have been an impossibility without Republican support.
Gun control aficionado Dianne Feinstein (D) praised Republican Senators Joni Ernst (IA) and Lisa Murkowski (AK) by name, thanking them not only for their votes but for their work in authoring VAWA.


4. 
		America First grassroots activist Scott Presler, who has devoted his energy to registering new voters across the nation, told Breitbart News that President Biden is making it 'exceptionally easy to register new Republican voters' as 'every aspect of our lives are affected by Joe Biden's feckless and reckless agenda.'
'It's been surprisingly easy,' Presler, who attended the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC), said when asked about the voter registration front in the era of Biden's presidency.


5. 
		Disney World in Florida is suspending its political donations after the company's CEO received huge blowback for not using Disney's vast influence in the state to try to quash a recently passed Republican bill that would prevent teachers from instructing early grades on LGBTQ issues
Florida Gov. DeSantis, Disney butting heads on LGBTQ issueBy BRENDAN FARRINGTON Associated PressThe Associated PressTALLAHASSEE, Fla.


TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — Disney World in Florida is suspending its political donations after the company's CEO received huge blowback for not using Disney's vast influence in the state to try to quash a recently passed Republican bill that would prevent teachers from instructing early grades on LGBTQ issues.


6. 
		Businessman David McCormick is the frontrunner in Pennsylvania's Republican U.S. Senate primary, leading celebrity doctor Mehmet Oz by nine points, according to a recent Fox News poll.
McCormick has the most support among Republican primary voters, at 24 percent. Behind McCormick is Oz, who trails McCormick by nine points, earning just 15 percent support from Republican primary voters.


The poll found small support for candidates Kathy Bernette, Jeff Bartos, and Carla Sands, who received nine, nine, and six percent support, respectively.


7. 
		Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) said on Breitbart News Daily Monday that he supports Sen. Rick Scott's (R-FL) efforts to provide a coherent Republican agenda ahead of the pivotal 2022 midterm elections after Sen. Mitch McConnell's (R-KY) spat with Scott.
Scott, the chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC), released an 11-point 'Plan to Rescue America' designed to be implemented should Republicans take back the House and Senate majorities.


McConnell soon afterwards chided Scott for releasing the plan, saying that he would decide the legislative agenda.


8. 
		The Republican Governors Association (RGA) announced a $31.4 million media ad buy in five key battleground states as the committee's first TV campaign, leading up to what will become a brutal midterm election battle.
The RGA stated in a press release that the ads bought this early in key battleground states — Arizona, Kansas, Michigan, Nevada, and Wisconsin — will ensure that they get the 'lowest possible rates in important media markets' since it is inevitable that competitive Senate and House races will buy the up the market as well.


9. 
		On Tuesday Reps. Lauren Boebert (R-TX), Chip Roy (R-TX), Michael Cloud (R-TX), and others called on voters to primary Republicans who refuse to take a stand against the ATF's de facto gun registry.
Breitbart News reported on Rep. Cloud's NO REGISTRY Rights Act on Tuesday. The act is designed to force the ATF to delete all the records it has accumulated on firearm sales/transfers.


Cloud's goal is undo the ATF's de facto gun registry.

Cloud's efforts are supported by Boebert and Roy, as well as Reps.


10. 
		Wyoming voters will have to pay for an audience with embattled Rep. Liz Cheney (R-WY) during one of her infrequent visits to her home state next week.
Cheney, who is rarely seen in Wyoming, is charging Wyoming residents $10 for admission to an event next week, Politico reported about a gathering to be held at Jackson's Center for the Arts. During the event, Cheney will only answer pre-selected questions, perhaps to avoid the ire of Wyoming voters.


'Can you believe it? Charging for a ticket! It's a slap in the face,' voter Rebecca Bextel told Politico about the event.


