1. 
		Rep. Cindy Axne (IA), the lone congressional Democrat from Iowa, has claimed over the last year that inflation is 'false advertisements' and that there would be no long-term effect.
Now she has belatedly admitted that inflation is real.


During a recent interview with KNIA-KRLS, a local radio station, Axne was asked if she believed that inflation affecting the economy was linked to the increase in spending from the White House due to the pandemic. Axne said it is 'shortsighted' to follow the narrative that the White House caused inflation.


2. 
		Former Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND) said Sunday on ABC's 'This Week' that today's soaring inflation was former President Donald Trump's fault.
Heitkamp said, 'You always blame the party in power. And, you know, the administration wasn't aggressive enough, in my opinion, in pushing back on the red herrings. The red herrings like it's because you didn't build the Keystone XL pipeline and remind them one of the first things Donald Trump did was give the permit, and in four years, the pipeline didn't get built? Why not? It wasn't economical to build that pipeline in those price points.


3. 
		President Joe Biden complained Friday he was 'sick' of Americans blaming him for inflation instead of the coronavirus pandemic or Russian President Vladimir Putin.
'I'm sick of this stuff… The American people think the reason for inflation is the government spending more money,' Biden said angrily. 'Simply. Not. True.'


The President made his remarks at a Democrat policy retreat to Democrats in Philadelphia in a rambling speech about issues facing his presidency.
'Democrats didn't cause this problem.


4. 
		'There's nobody suggesting there's unchecked inflation on the way — no serious economist.'
Those words should be carved upon the grave of Joe Biden's presidency. They were spoken by President Biden himself at a White House press conference in July of 2021. The Consumer Price Index (CPI) had climbed to an annual increase of 5.3 percent, the fastest rate of price hikes since the summer of 2008. The media was treating inflation like it was nothing more than a bogeyman meant to scare the public for partisan ends.


5. 
		The economy is by far the most important issue to the American electorate right now–and the public is revolted at the way the Biden administration is handling its problems.
Fifty-percent of Americans say that the economy and inflation are the number one issue they want President Joe Biden and the Democrat-controlled Congress to make their top priority, according to a poll released Friday by the Wall Street Journal.


That's twice the share of the conflict of Ukraine, the next highest scoring priority.


6. 
		During an interview aired on Friday's broadcast of Bloomberg's 'Wall Street Week,' economist, Harvard Professor, Director of the National Economic Council under President Barack Obama, and Treasury Secretary under President Bill Clinton Larry Summers dismissed President Joe Biden's attempt to blame February's inflation numbers on the Russian invasion of Ukraine by stating that before the invasion, everyone expected 'that inflation was going to accelerate from January to February.'
Summers said, 'Look, these numbers were not a surprise, and by the way, while inflation was 7.


7. 
		The national average price of diesel fuel on Thursday rocketed to over five dollars per gallon, a record high that is sure to exacerbate inflation.
Increasing 12 cents overnight, a gallon of diesel fuel will now cost truck drivers $5.058, an increase of $1.691 since last month, according to AAA.


About 3.5 million American truckers and 711,000 trucking companies throughout the nation use diesel to fuel their trucks, which transport 70 percent of the nation's freight tonnage, according to Diesel Technology Forum.


8. 
		The national average price for diesel fuel on Wednesday reached an all-time record high, impacting 3.5 million American truckers throughout the nation.
Rising 84 cents in one week, Wednesday's national average hit $4.883, up 13 cents overnight, according to AAA.


Diesel transports about 70 percent of the nation's freight tonnage, as just about all highway trucks are fueled by diesel engines, according to Diesel Technology Forum. About 3.5 million truck drivers and 711,000 trucking companies rely on diesel.


9. 
		The American people remain stubbornly ungrateful for the Biden economy.
The University of Michigan's survey of consumer sentiment showed that Americans feel more rotten about the economy than any time since the summer of 2011. The composite index of consumer sentiment fell to 59.7, even lower than the depressed figures for January and February. Economists were once again proven too optimistic as they had estimated a reading of 61.7.


What exactly was going on in 2011 that had Americans feeling so glum? Consumer sentiment had been on a bumpy path upward since the lows of early 2009 and the worst moments of the global financial crisis.


10. 
		During an interview aired on Friday's broadcast of Bloomberg's 'Wall Street Week,' economist, Harvard Professor, Director of the National Economic Council under President Barack Obama, and Treasury Secretary under President Bill Clinton Larry Summers argued that the core issue with inflation is the fact that the economy is overheated and the problem of inflation won't be fully solved until the overheating in the economy is solved. Summers also argued that blaming corporate greed and price gouging for inflation is 'likely' to make the inflation problem worse because doing so will hurt business confidence and lower the level of needed investments.


