1. 
		Every executive branch employee should be 'fireable' by the President of the United States in order to bring the deep state to heel, former President Donald Trump said during Saturday's 'Save America Rally' in Florence, South Carolina.
'We will pass critical reforms making every executive branch employee fireable — fireable — by the President of the United States,' Trump declared during the rally. 'The deep state must and will be brought to heel':



BREAKING: Trump calls to make *every* executive branch employee fireable by the President of the United States
'The deep state must and will be brought to heel'pic.


2. 
		Former President Donald Trump is leading President Joe Biden in a head-to-head matchup as Americans continue to face rampant inflation and record-breaking gas prices in the second year of the Democrat's presidency, a Redfield & Wilton Strategies survey released Thursday found.
The survey found Biden's approval in the net negatives — 47 percent disapproving and 37 percent approving. That reflects a drastic souring over the last month, as 41 percent disapproved of Biden's job performance and 39 percent approved in February.


3. 
		On Friday's broadcast of HBO's 'Real Time,' host Bill Maher criticized people who have attempted to make the Russian invasion of Ukraine about their pet issues and criticized those who have attempted to blame the invasion on former President Donald Trump by asking, 'if Putin thought Trump was really that supportive of him, why didn't he invade when Trump was in office?' And arguing that the question's worth asking 'if you're not locked into one, intransigent thought.'
Maher began his closing monologue by stating, 'Watching the reactions to war in Ukraine these past few weeks, it's become obvious that America in this age suffers acutely from a particular disease of the mind, which is: everything proves what we already believed, and everything goes back to the thing we already hate.


4. 
		A long list of establishment Republican 'Never Trump' operatives are hosting a fundraiser for Alabama Senate Republican candidate Katie Britt, Breitbart News has learned.
On Wednesday, Britt will hold a fundraiser in Nashville, Tennessee, organized by fundraiser Kim Kaegi who has deep connections to the 'Never Trump' wing of the Republican Party.


Previously, for instance, Kaegi worked as a fundraiser for the likes of Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and former Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN). Corker repeatedly opposed former President Trump's 'America First' agenda and even suggested that a Republican primary him in his 2020 presidential re-election bid.


5. 
		Donald Trump Jr. hit the campaign trail in Georgia on Monday to promote Republican candidates backed by his father, including, most notably, former Sen. David Perdue (R-GA), who is hoping to unseat Gov. Brian Kemp (R) in the primary race for governor in May.
Trump Jr. rallied in the solid red cities of Tifton and Cumming, touting his father's endorsement of Perdue and bashing the Biden administration, according to videos and reports of the events.


In one clip, shared by a Fox 5 Atlanta reporter, Trump Jr.


6. 
		Former President Donald Trump announced on Friday his plans to rally in the Peach State at the end of the month on behalf of former Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) and other candidates in the state's midterm elections.
Trump will host the event on Saturday, March 26, in Jackson, Georgia, a solid red county that the former president won by nearly 60 points in 2020.


Perdue, who is competing in a heated gubernatorial primary race against incumbent Gov. Brian Kemp (R), said in a statement he 'look[s] forward to welcoming' Trump to Georgia and also made a jab at Kemp for 'caving to radical liberals.


7. 
		Former President Donald Trump was forced to make an emergency landing on Saturday after a plane he was traveling on suffered engine failure, according to reports.
Politico reports, citing 'two people familiar with the matter' that the incident occurred after Trump concluded his speech to donors in New Orleans and left to return to his home at Mar-a-Lago.


Just 20-30 minutes after takeoff, one of the plane's four engines failed, prompting the pilot to return to the New Orleans airport.
The plane was not Trump's personal jet but rather a donor's plane who loaned it to Trump for the fundraiser, according to The Washington Post.


8. 
		Former President Donald Trump called Rep. Tom Rice (R-SC) 'a disaster' and said he's 'laughed at in Washington' during a rally in South Carolina on Saturday evening.
While campaigning for Republican candidates Russell Fry and Katie Arrington, Trump spoke about the 'RINOs and grandstanders' and called out Rice by name.



"She's a terrible person" — Trump goads his audience into booing Republicans Nancy Mace and Tom Rice in their home state of South Carolina pic.twitter.com/8JgfBXjdsU
— Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) March 13, 2022
'Look at every city that's run by the Democrats if you want safety, security, and strike vote for America first Republicans this November,' Trump said.


9. 
		Incumbent Gov. Brian Kemp (R) continues to hold a lead over former Sen. David Perdue (R-GA) in the contentious Republican primary battle for Georgia governor, according to a poll published Tuesday.
The poll, conducted by Fox News from March 2 to 6, found Kemp up 11 points over Perdue, garnering 50 percent support compared to Perdue's 39 percent support. An additional ten percent of respondents said they supported another candidate or were unsure of whom to choose.


The poll was taken just after another poll, conducted by Fox 5 Atlanta/InsiderAdvantage from February 28 to March 1, found similar results, showing Kemp up nine points.


10. 
		Former Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D-ND) said Sunday on ABC's 'This Week' that today's soaring inflation was former President Donald Trump's fault.
Heitkamp said, 'You always blame the party in power. And, you know, the administration wasn't aggressive enough, in my opinion, in pushing back on the red herrings. The red herrings like it's because you didn't build the Keystone XL pipeline and remind them one of the first things Donald Trump did was give the permit, and in four years, the pipeline didn't get built? Why not? It wasn't economical to build that pipeline in those price points.


