1. 
		The Pentagon on Monday pushed back against the idea of enforcing a no-fly zone over Ukraine, as some lawmakers call for the United States to intervene in the country's war against Russia.
A U.S. senior defense official, during a background briefing on Ukraine, told reporters that a no-fly zone over Ukraine would not have prevented the Russians from bombing a military training center in western Ukraine, since the attacks came from inside Russian airspace.


The official said the United States assesses that the strike on the Yavoriv training center Sunday was conducted by a 'couple dozen' Russian air-launched cruise missiles from inside Ukraine.


2. 
		ROME — Ukrainian Major Archbishop Sviatoslav Shevchuk said Monday there is no room for diplomatic neutrality in the Russian war on Ukraine, urging all to condemn Russia's aggression.
'In these circumstances there can be no neutral position, because the one who remains silent, who does not condemn this war, becomes an accomplice to this crime, becomes an accomplice to aggression and murder of innocent people in Ukraine,' the archbishop said in a video message marking the 19th day of war.


'So thank you to all those who together with Ukraine are fighting for the right to peaceful existence,' Shevchuk continued.


3. 
		Former Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-HI) has hit back at Sen. Mitt Romney (R-UT) for calling her 'treasonous' for her suggestion that Russia, Ukraine, and NATO allies work to negotiate a ceasefire around U.S.-funded biological research facilities in Ukraine to prevent outbreaks of deadly pathogens.
Gabbard generated criticism from Democrats and some Republicans when she posted a video of herself warning that between 35 to 40 U.S.-funded facilities in Ukraine are conducting research into 'deadly pathogens' that could spark a pandemic or loss of life if Russia and NATO do not work to contain them amid the ongoing crossfire.


4. 
		On Thursday's 'MSNBC Live,' State Department Spokesperson Ned Price defended the U.S. opposing Poland's plan to transfer MiGs to Ukraine by arguing that Ukraine doesn't really need the planes to fight Russia because 'the threat Ukraine faces is better designed for surface-to-air systems.'
Price said, 'When it comes to the planes, though, the challenge is that the threat Ukraine faces is better designed for surface-to-air systems. These are systems that we have provided to Ukraine in the past, and the Department of Defense is looking into options to provide additional such systems so their Ukrainian partners can be more effective in taking on the precise threats that we're seeing wreak such havoc, wreak such destruction across Ukraine right now.


5. 
		Sean Penn is still meddling in the Ukraine-Russia conflict, urging the United States to accept Poland's proposal to send Soviet-style fighter jets to Ukraine and receive replacement aircraft from the U.S. — an offer that the Pentagon has rejected.
That hasn't stopped the Hollywood star, who apparently hasn't received the memo, from pressuring officials to expedite the transfer.


'Somewhere in the bureaucratic chain between our White House & the Polish Gov., the desperately NEEDED jets are not yet delivered to Ukraine.


6. 
		Rep. Richard Hudson (R-NC) introduced legislation Wednesday designed to streamline ammunition donations to Ukraine from American ammo makers.
Hudson was joined by Reps. Victoria Spartz (R-IN) and Elise Stefanik (R-NY) in introducing the American Ammo in Defense of Ukraine Act.


Hudson said, 'In the face of Russia's invasion, Ukrainian President Zelensky announced he ‘needed ammunition, not a ride.' The American Ammo in Defense of Ukraine Act will do just that by cutting red tape to ensure American ammunition can reach Ukraine faster…America must support Ukraine's self-defense and I appreciate Congresswoman Spartz and our colleagues for joining this commonsense bill.


7. 
		White House National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan said Sunday on CNN's 'State of the Union' that Russia 'would pay a severe price' if they used chemical weapons in Ukraine.
Anchor Dana Bash said, 'The U.S. said this week that Russia has the capacity for a chemical weapon attack in Ukraine. The Polish president said today that would be a game-changer. NATO would have to think seriously about what to do. Would the U.S. intervene more directly militarily if Russia uses chemical weapons in Ukraine?'


Sullivan said, 'It is a very legitimate concern, fear that Russia would use chemical weapons in Ukraine.


8. 
		Israeli Foreign Minister Yair Lapid said on Sunday that Israel has a 'moral duty' to allow in more non-Jewish refugees fleeing Russia's invasion of Ukraine, following criticism of the government's refugee policy that limited entry into the country to 25,000 Ukrainians not eligible for Israeli citizenship.
Also on Sunday, Interior Minister Ayelet Shaked announced her ministry was 'relaxing' the policy for refugees escaping the Russian invasion.


Shaked's announcement came after Ukrainian Ambassador to Israel Yevgen Korniychuk said Ukraine was backing a petition to the High Court against the older policy.


9. 
		The Pentagon on Tuesday evening shot down a Polish proposal to transfer their MiG-29 fighter aircraft to Ukraine and receive replacement aircraft from the United States.
The Pentagon said in a statement that the plan was not 'tenable.' Pentagon Press Secretary John Kirby said:


As we have said, the decision about whether to transfer Polish-owned planes to Ukraine is ultimately one for the Polish government. We will continue consulting with our Allies and partners about our ongoing security assistance to Ukraine, because, in fact, Poland's proposal shows just some of the complexities this issue presents.


10. 
		Senator Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said on this week's broadcast of FNC's 'Sunday Morning Futures' that he is worried the United States was going to 'sellout' Ukraine.
Bartiromo said, 'You have been saying throughout this conflict that you are calling for Vladimir Putin to be arrested or assassinated. Give us your reaction to the events of the morning.'


Graham said, 'We have industrialized chaos. We have chaos on an industrial scale. You have China saying if you give any weapons to Taiwan, we are coming after you.


