1. 
		Voters trust Republicans over Democrats by 17 percentage points to tame President Joe Biden's inflation, a Wall Street Journal poll revealed Monday.
With the midterms just months away in November, 47 percent of voters trust Republicans to manage Biden's inflation, while only 30 percent stated Democrats.


The electorate's lack of trust in Democrats to fix inflation is devastating because it is the issue of the greatest worry for voters. Fifty-two percent of voters believe the economy is the greatest issue facing the nation, according to Thursday's Navigator Survey.


2. 
		President Joe Biden again tried to blame Russian President Vladimir Putin for inflation on Monday, calling him a major factor in rising prices.
'Now the second big reason for inflation is Vladimir Putin and gas prices,' Biden claimed. 'Not a joke.'


The President spoke about rising inflation during his speech in Washington, DC, to the National League of Cities Congressional City Conference.
Biden falsely blamed Putin for the $1.05 rise in gas prices, arguing the Russian president began surging troops at the Ukrainian border at the beginning of the year, which fueled higher prices.


3. 
		Following Iran claiming responsibility for a missile barrage that struck early Sunday near a sprawling U.S. consulate complex in the northern Iraqi city of Erbil, Republicans called for an end to nuclear talks with the Islamic Republic.
Taking to Twitter, GOP officials criticized the Biden administration's persistent willingness to resume negotiations with Tehran, highlighting the dangers posed by the Islamic Republic, especially in light of the recent missile attack in Iraq.


'Over the weekend, Iran launched missiles at our Consulate in Erbil, Iraq — meanwhile, Biden is moving forward with the Russia brokered nuclear deal,' wrote Rep.


4. 
		Dan Eberhart, chief executive officer of Canary, an oilfield drilling and production services company, said on SiriusXM's Breitbart News Sunday with host Joel Pollak that the Biden administration's slow issuance of permits for oil resource development is a bottleneck restricting the oil and gas industry's development.

The White House and its news media allies have blamed Russian President Vladimir Putin for driving up the cost of oil and gasoline, going so far as to coin the term, 'Putin's price hike.


5. 
		Most voters are not confident in President Joe Biden's ability to prevent the Russia/Ukraine war from spreading, a Trafalgar Group survey released Monday found.
The survey asked, 'How confident are you in the ability of President Biden and his administration to prevent the Russia/Ukraine war from spreading to other countries?'


Overall, 61.7 percent expressed a lack of confidence, and of those, 45.2 percent said they are 'not confident at all.'
The vast majority of Republicans and independents, 82.


6. 
		On Monday's broadcast of the Fox News Channel's 'Fox & Friends First,' Rep. Nicole Malliotakis (R-NY) stated that the Biden administration isn't holding China accountable for its role in fentanyl trafficking and that Biden's border policies and lax crime policies by New York Democrats have exacerbated the fentanyl problem.
Malliotakis said, 'Well, just like they won't hold China accountable for the virus, they refuse to hold China accountable for trafficking fentanyl over to the United States, whether it be directly or whether it be through Mexico and the southern border.


7. 
		EAGLE PASS, Texas — The State acquired a large quantity of 30-foot wall panels from the Biden Administration to utilize in the construction of a border wall. The materials came from federal contracts cancelled in January 2021.
'Texas is the first state ever to build a border wall,' Governor Abbott began in an exclusive interview. 'A lot of the border wall is being built by border wall material that there was a contract for, Texas bought it from contractors who built the wall for President Trump. We're building the exact same wall.


8. 
		Monday on Fox Business Network's 'Varney & Company,' Sen. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) pushed back against the Biden administration negotiating a new nuclear deal with Iran.
Blackburn argued that Americans 'don't want a new Iran deal.' She called on President Joe Biden and his administration to show 'leadership.'


'This is one of the most troubling things that this administration has done,' Blackburn said of the administration negotiating at the same table as Russia as it invades Ukraine. 'We saw how tentative they were and really very timid as they dealt with Afghanistan and the withdrawal.


9. 
		Senator Chris Murphy (D-CT) said Monday on MSNBC's 'All In' that President Joe Biden has been playing such a 'strong hand' during the Russian invasion of Ukraine it has caused China to 'step back.'
Hayes said, 'How do you see the developments today, Jake Sullivan, seven-hour meeting, the U.S. being quite vocal about his concerns about China, and China aligning with Russia. How do you assess this?'


Murphy said, 'I think a lot of people scratch their heads a bit in the early days of this conflict, in the weeks leading up to it, asking why President Biden was not acting unilaterally without Europe.


10. 
		The Democrat South Florida county of Miami-Dade gave Gov. Ron DeSantis (R) high favorability ratings on Monday, according to a Bendixen and Amandi poll.
The Miami-Dade electorate handed DeSantis a seven-point margin of favorability (48-41 percent) in a county where Democrats have about 163,000 more registered voters than Republicans.


The poll was conducted with 39 percent Democrat and 37 percent Republican respondents. The poll sampled 800 people from March 3-8 with a margin of error of plus-or-minus 3.


