1. 
		President Biden's Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is encouraging vaccinated Americans to enroll in 'v-safe,' a voluntary 'after vaccine health checker' to report how they feel post-jab.
'After getting your #COVID19 booster shot, be sure to use v-safe to get your personalized and confidential text message check-ins about how you feel,' Assistant Secretary for Health Dr. Rachel Levine — born Robert Levine — said on Tuesday. 


'Learn more about v-safe and sign up if you haven't already: http://vsafe.


2. 
		Nearly a million Austrian adults are reported to not be fully vaccinated against the Wuhan coronavirus, despite the Austrian government requiring all adults to take the vaccine, threatening fines or even prison.
Austrian Ministry of Health figures suggest that a total of 972,289 adults in the country, 13 per cent of the adult population, are unvaccinated against the Wuhan coronavirus, down from 1.3 million unvaccinated Austrians at the start of February.


A total of 5.69 million people, which corresponds to three-quarters of the Austrian adult population, have a valid vaccination certificate, while the number of people who have recovered from the virus stands at 729,000, Austrian newspaper Kronen Zeitung reports.


3. 
		Italian Prime Minister Mario Draghi has announced that all Ukrainian refugees fleeing to Italy will either have to be vaccinated against the Wuhan coronavirus or undergo tests every 48 hours.
Over 20,000 Ukrainian refugees have arrived in Italy since the outbreak of the Russian invasion and over 90 per cent are said to be women and children. During a question period in the Italian parliament, Prime Minister Draghi spoke about the current situation regarding the new arrivals.


'All refugees who arrive either agree to take a swab every 48 hours or agree to get vaccinated,' Draghi told the parliament and said that he expected the number of Ukrainian refugees to increase as the conflict continues, newspaper Il Giornale reports.


4. 
		Moderna finalized an agreement with Kenya's government on Monday to build the U.S.-based pharmaceutical giant's first manufacturing facility for mRNA vaccines on the African continent, Africanews reported Tuesday.
Moderna announced the development in a press release issued on March 7. The pharmaceutical and biotech company said it signed a memorandum of understanding with the government of Kenya to construct a manufacturing center for mRNA-based vaccine products and candidates — including those against the Chinese coronavirus, HIV, and the Nipah virus — in the coming months.


5. 
		CNN medical analyst Dr. Jonathan Reiner said Wednesday's broadcast of CNN's 'The Lead' Florida's surgeon general Joseph Ladapo was 'disgraceful' after he announced healthy kids should not get COVID-19 vaccine.
Anchor Jake Tapper said, 'So Florida's Department of Health released new guidelines Tuesday that said healthy children in Florida, age 5-17, do not need to get vaccinated. That's not what the CDC says. What do you make of that?'


Reiner said, 'Florida has a disgraceful surgeon general. I think what has become abundantly clear is children do get this virus.


6. 
		Businesses in the Canadian capital city of Ottawa say they will keep the Trudeau government's scrapped vaccine passport system, allocating certain times in which only vaccinated people may enter.
While the government of Ontario ended the mandatory vaccine passport system for indoor dining, gyms and other venues on March 1st, some are choosing to keep the system in place during certain hours or on certain nights of the week.


The Hintonburg Public House restaurant near downtown Ottawa, says that they will reserve Thursday evenings for those who can prove they are fully vaccinated with at least two doses of the Wuhan coronavirus vaccine, telling broadcaster CBC the move was for the comfort of some customers.


7. 
		On Friday Prince Harry and Meghan Markle joined a celebrity and world leader call to warn the world that supposedly the 'pandemic is not over' as the world enters the third year of living with coronavirus.
The disgraced prince and his controversial wife have added their signatures to a letter from ‘The People's Vaccine' – a coronavirus vaccine lobby group – that has called for 70 per cent of the world to be vaccinated by mid-2022, and for vaccines to be provided 'to everyone, everywhere'.


The organisation openly states in the letter that they condemn the approach taken so far by world leaders in an effort to tackle coronavirus as 'immoral, entirely self-defeating and also an ethical, economic and epidemiological failure', and instead called for 'global solidarity'.


8. 
		After months of threatening to enforce the measure with fines and possibly even imprisonment, Austria has suspended its regime of forced vaccination.
After months of protests and a number of political controversies, Austria's regime of forced vaccination has been suspended.


Austrian authorities had been hinting at dumping the measure since they announced the relaxation of the country's 'Corona Apartheid' measures against the unjabbed in February, but have now confirmed the regime's suspension due to it being 'not proportionate' to the threat posed by the Omicron variant of the Chinese Coronavirus poses.


9. 
		New York City on Monday officially lifted the vaccine mandate forced on businesses months after former Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) bragged about the city's plans to cut off unvaccinated Americans from basic activities.
The city formally lifted the vaccine mandate, forcing businesses such as restaurants to discriminate against unvaccinated individuals, on Monday, one week after Mayor Eric Adams (D) previewed the changes.


Under the new changes, the Key to NYC rules are 'suspended.'

'Indoor venues, including restaurants, fitness facilities, and entertainment spaces will no longer be required to check for proof of vaccination before customers enter,' the city's website reads, although it notes that businesses will still have the 'flexibility' to require proof of vaccination or indoor masking.


10. 
		Around 600,000 Italians over the age of 50 are set to receive a fine for being unvaccinated despite the Italian government reviewing a loosening of various Wuhan virus restrictions.
In January, the Italian government decided to make vaccination mandatory for all residents over the age of 50, with the mandate coming into effect in February. At least 600,000 Italians have been referred to the Italian tax agency and are expected to receive a 100 euro (£84/$110) fine.


Undersecretary for Health Andrea Costa has meanwhile stated that, starting on April 1st, some coronavirus restrictions will start to ease, including the health pass system linked to vaccinations known as the Green Pass, newspaper Il Giornale reports.


