1. 
		The Chinese state propaganda newspaper Global Times elevated the Russian government's claims that its ongoing invasion of Ukraine is necessary to 'de-Nazify' the country on Monday by accusing Ukraine's neo-Nazi Azov Battalion militants of 'involvement' in the 2019 Hong Kong anti-communist protests.
The article follows remarks by Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi stating that the Communist Party is seeking more 'active' involvement in the war between Russia and Ukraine and may signal China's argument for a bigger role in the conflict: that Russia's enemies in Ukraine are, allegedly, conspiring with China's enemies at home.


2. 
		An advisor to Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has alleged that the government was justified in invoking emergency powers last month, claiming Freedom Convoy protestors wanted to overthrow the government.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's national security and intelligence adviser Jody Thomas spoke out about the use of the Emergencies Act, which was invoked for the first time in Canadian history by Prime Minister Trudeau last month, to end the weeks-long Freedom Convoy protests in Ottawa.


'The occupation of Ottawa in and of itself was enough,' Thomas insisted at the Ottawa Conference on Security and Defence earlier this week.


3. 
		Britain's radical eco-protest group Extinction Rebellion (XR) announced they plan to block oil refineries in April to protest the UK's use of fossil fuels, potentially compounding the looming energy crisis fed by the Ukraine conflict.
The controversial environmentalist protest group have declared their oil refinery blockade – at undisclosed locations – will begin on the 9th of April, saying on their website that they plan to 'demand an end to the fossil fuel economy' and for the UK Government to 'immediately' 'end fossil fuel investments'.


4. 
		Mariella Gedge-Rogers has received a term of five and a half years for attacking a police officer and smashing a Bristol police station window during a riot.
Gedge-Rogers, 27, was filmed striking a police officer in the head with a skateboard, which she later used to smash a window at Bridewell Police Station, during Bristol's ‘Kill the Bill' protest-turned-riot on the 21st of March 2021.


Alongside her illegal behaviour involving the skateboard, Gedge-Rogers — who reportedly sobbed during the hearing — was also found guilty of climbing onto the station roof and launching missiles at police officers below.


5. 
		A group of parents on Wednesday took to the steps of the historic Tweed Courthouse in New York City which houses the city's Department of Education (DOE) headquarters, calling for continued mask mandates as the city begins lifting them almost two years after the coronavirus pandemic was first declared.
The group behind the 'Masking for a Friend' rally, Parents for Responsive Equitable Safe Schools (PRESS-NYC), describes itself as a 'parent collective' which aims to 'build learning communities, write anti-racist curriculum' and 'hold the DOE, the Mayor, and the education press accountable.


6. 
		Reporters in the White House press briefing room erupted on Monday to protest a decision by one of their colleagues to end the event prematurely.
The issue is an old tradition in the room to have an Associated Press reporter at the front row of the briefing room to open the briefing with the first question and call an end to the briefing by saying, 'Thank you,' to the press secretary, which is the signal allowing the press secretary to leave.


That role was usually determined by seniority and filled for many years by leftist reporter Helen Thomas.


7. 
		Justin Trudeau has faced criticism after he was photographed on Monday wearing a mask for Labour's leader Keir Starmer and other political dignitaries but opted not to wear one while meeting 95-year-old Queen Elizabeth II.
The Canadian Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, 50, decided to wear a mask when meeting the head of Britain's socialist Labour Party, Sir Keir Starmer, 59, despite both gentlemen not being classified as an at-risk group in regards to developing severe coronavirus symptoms upon contracting the virus.


8. 
		Former DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson, who served during the Obama administration, has withdrawn from his spot as the next commencement speaker at Vassar College in the wake of student protests over his border policies.
In what is one of the latest examples of intolerance on campus, Johnson — who served during the second Obama administration — will be replaced by actor John Leguizamo for the May 22 commencement speech at Vassar, the school announced.


NEW YORK, NY – JUNE 12: John Leguizamo speaks on stage during the 65th Annual Tony Awards at the Beacon Theatre on June 12, 2011 in New York City.


9. 
		Businesses in the Canadian capital city of Ottawa say they will keep the Trudeau government's scrapped vaccine passport system, allocating certain times in which only vaccinated people may enter.
While the government of Ontario ended the mandatory vaccine passport system for indoor dining, gyms and other venues on March 1st, some are choosing to keep the system in place during certain hours or on certain nights of the week.


The Hintonburg Public House restaurant near downtown Ottawa, says that they will reserve Thursday evenings for those who can prove they are fully vaccinated with at least two doses of the Wuhan coronavirus vaccine, telling broadcaster CBC the move was for the comfort of some customers.


10. 
		After months of threatening to enforce the measure with fines and possibly even imprisonment, Austria has suspended its regime of forced vaccination.
After months of protests and a number of political controversies, Austria's regime of forced vaccination has been suspended.


Austrian authorities had been hinting at dumping the measure since they announced the relaxation of the country's 'Corona Apartheid' measures against the unjabbed in February, but have now confirmed the regime's suspension due to it being 'not proportionate' to the threat posed by the Omicron variant of the Chinese Coronavirus poses.


