1. 
		'Democrats are a bit of a mess right now' heading into the November midterms, left-leaning Punchbowl News reported Wednesday about the Democrats' 'most consequential' yearly retreat, occurring this week in Philadelphia.
The Democrats are in a 'mess' for various reasons, some of which are self-inflicted and others because voters oppose what the Democrats are selling, such as defunding police and spending trillions of dollars during 40-year-high inflation.


The first reason Democrats are in trouble, the Democrat-leaning outlet outlined, is because of 31 House retirements.


2. 
		Democrat midterm chief Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY) on Thursday stated he no longer believes President Joe Biden's ‘Build Back Better' agenda is needed to win in November.
Asked by NBC News if Democrats need to pass the 'Build Back Better' agenda to retain the House majority, the chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) said 'no.'


Maloney added he believes the midterms will be decided on 'whether they [voters] think we're [Democrats] preachy or empathetic' and 'whether they think we have the right priorities.


3. 
		Democrat Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) chair Sean Patrick Maloney (D-PA) said Thursday Democrats have to address rising gas prices but 'not for political reasons,' even as Democrats could lose their House majority during the 2022 midterms.
It's a real problem. We have to focus on it not for political reasons, but because it affects the working middle class families like the ones so many of us grew up in,' Maloney said during the Democrats' retreat in Philadephia, Pennsylvania.


Maloney's remarks follow vulnerable swing-district Democrats bracing for Republican attacks on rising inflation as Americans continue to feel the brunt of rising inflation and gas prices.


4. 
		Democrat midterm campaign chief Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY) over the weekend in Philadelphia said his party is the 'problem' as to why they are having trouble relating to the voters.
At the House Democrats' retreat, Maloney, head of the Democrat Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC), said that as much as everyone says, 'The problem is not the voters… The problem is us.' He made the statement during a part of the conference weekend that was supposed to be designed to forge unity, Washington Post reported.


5. 
		Democrat Congressional Campaign Committee (DCCC) Chair Sean Patrick Maloney (D-NY) showed concern over the Democrat-aligned groups' lack of fundraising over the last year as they get ready for the brutal midterm season.
Speaking to reporters at the House Democrat's retreat in Philadelphia this past week, Punchbowl News reported that Maloney acknowledged that the super PAC aligned with Democrat leadership was outraised by those aligned with the Republican leadership.


'Their outside groups are raising a lot of money and we take that very seriously.


6. 
		The Democrat South Florida county of Miami-Dade gave Gov. Ron DeSantis (R) high favorability ratings on Monday, according to a Bendixen and Amandi poll.
The Miami-Dade electorate handed DeSantis a seven-point margin of favorability (48-41 percent) in a county where Democrats have about 163,000 more registered voters than Republicans.


The poll was conducted with 39 percent Democrat and 37 percent Republican respondents. The poll sampled 800 people from March 3-8 with a margin of error of plus-or-minus 3.


7. 
		The Ukraine war is good news for Democrats because it distracts from their unpopular domestic issues, an article in Politico magazine argues.
'Dems catch a break from the culture wars: War in Ukraine and the domestic economic fallout have given Democrats a chance to focus there instead of on other issues that dominated 2021,' read the headline on the lead story by David Siders and Elena Schneider in the Saturday morning layout at Politico's website.


The article, which was about the Democrats' 2022 campaign meeting in Washington, D.


8. 
		Rep. Tom Malinowski (D-NJ), a Democrat who has consistently opposed measures to make America energy independent again, took thousands in donations from a lobbyist for the Russian Nord Stream 2 pipeline.
Gas prices surged 22 percent in the last two weeks to hit the most expensive ever recorded, $4.43 per gallon, which exceeded the record from July 2008, the prior all-time high, by 32 cents per gallon. So the discovery of Malinowski accepting thousands in donations from a Russian pipeline lobbyist could have severe repercussions for the vulnerable Democrat, who has opposed American energy independence.


9. 
		House Democrats passed a $1.5 trillion omnibus spending bill after hours of delay and Democrat confusion.
House Democrats passed the $1.5 trillion omnibus spending bill, which was separated into two votes. The first half, focusing on security funding, passed with 361 votes for and 69 votes against the provision. The second half, featuring the remainder of the spending, passed with 260 votes for and 171 against the measure.


House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) held the vote on the spending bill after hours of delay and confusion.


10. 
		Vulnerable Democrat governors preparing for a tough reelection battle in the November midterms are looking to dish cash out to their constituents, hoping it could reflect in the polls against a challenger, according to a report.
The move appears to be modeled after California Democrat Gov. Gavin Newsom's efforts last year. The Golden State governor splashed hundreds of dollars in direct payments to roughly two-thirds of his constituents when facing a recall — which he survived with a wide margin.


