1. 
		Former Attorney General Bill Barr said Sunday on NBC's 'Meet the Press' that he was 'surprised' and the close results of the 2020 presidential election.
Barr said, 'I think he actually, at the time of the election, thought he won the election. If there was a plan to stay in office, it's something that materialized after the election. I saw no sign of a plan before the election to stay in office regardless of the outcome.'


Host Chuck Todd said, 'He was sowing the seeds for four years. He accused Ted Cruz of cheating in the caucuses the first time he appeared on any sort of ballot here.


2. 
		Former Attorney General Bill Barr said Tuesday on FNC's 'Special Report' that he was disturbed seeing former President Donald Trump's 'detachment from reality' after the 2020 presidential election.
Anchor Bret Barr asked, 'What do you think was the most alarming or unsettling moment for you in the administration?'


Barr said, 'It was certainly unsettling when I went in to talk to the president about the election, and he was livid and shaking and showed a lot of temper and yelling. That was a little unsettling.


3. 
		A group of anti-Trump lawyers, calling themselves the '65 Project,' has banded together to try to discipline, shame and otherwise destroy the careers of 111 lawyers who filed 65 briefs — hence the name — seeking to overturn the 2020 election.
As a believer in the accuracy of the 2020 election, and as a Democratic supporter of Joe Biden, I thoroughly disapproved, as a matter of policy, of most of these efforts to overturn the election. But I disapprove even more thoroughly of efforts to attack the lawyers who filed these briefs.


4. 
		A 70-year-old man attacked the chairman of South Korea's ruling Democratic Party of Korea (DPK), Song Young-gil, with a hammer during a campaign stop in Seoul on Monday, causing Song to suffer injuries to his head requiring stitches, South Korea's Yonhap News Agency reported.
'Song was campaigning in Seoul's Sinchon area for Wednesday's presidential election when the assailant came up to him from behind and struck him in the head several times with a hammer wrapped in a black plastic bag,' Yonhap reported on March 7.


5. 
		The vast majority of likely voters, including a majority of Democrats, agree that it is reasonable to require an individual to show a photo ID in order to vote, a Rasmussen Reports survey released Tuesday found.
The survey asked, 'Is requiring photo ID to vote a reasonable measure to protect the integrity of elections?'


Overall, nearly three-quarters of likely voters say it is a reasonable measure, while 20 percent say it is not. However, that general sentiment is shared across the political aisle, as a majority of Republicans and Democrats — 90 percent and 59 percent, respectively — consider photo ID a 'reasonable measure.


6. 
		South Koreans elected right-wing candidate Yoon Suk-yeol as their new president on Wednesday, Yonhap News Agency reported on Thursday local time in Seoul.
Yoon ran a successful campaign for the presidency as the official nominee of South Korea's right-wing, opposition People Power Party (PPP). The Korea Herald described Yoon as 'the South Korean Trump,' referring to former United States President Donald Trump, in a profile of the conservative politician on March 2. The newspaper offered several parallels between Yoon and Trump that may have contributed to their comparison, including the following:


On top of using anti-China rhetoric, the two also like to speak to their base on social media and announce policies that read like slogans.


7. 
		Former Attorney General Bill Barr said Friday on CNN's 'The Lead' that he would oppose former President Donald Trump in the 2024 Republican primary.
Tapper said, 'You definitely write that something changed after the election. He went off the rails. You write that you were disgusted by things he said or did. You said he took a dangerous turn after the election, significantly detached from reality. His constant bellicosity diminishes him in the office. In the spring of 2020, you said he was acting like a hyperactive maniac.


8. 
		A long list of establishment Republican 'Never Trump' operatives are hosting a fundraiser for Alabama Senate Republican candidate Katie Britt, Breitbart News has learned.
On Wednesday, Britt will hold a fundraiser in Nashville, Tennessee, organized by fundraiser Kim Kaegi who has deep connections to the 'Never Trump' wing of the Republican Party.


Previously, for instance, Kaegi worked as a fundraiser for the likes of Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and former Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN). Corker repeatedly opposed former President Trump's 'America First' agenda and even suggested that a Republican primary him in his 2020 presidential re-election bid.


9. 
		White House press secretary Jen Psaki spread disinformation about the 2016 election during a special briefing with TikTok influencers on the dangers of Russian disinformation.
'When I heard this briefing was happening, I basically crashed and invited myself,' Jen Psaki said at the beginning of the briefing with TikTok content creators.


During the briefing, posted in full by the Washington Post‘s Taylor Lorenz, Psaki spoke about the importance of the federal government declassifying and calling out the Russians for spreading false information online.


10. 
		French President Emmanuel Macron will not join any debates ahead of the first round of the upcoming presidential election, instead stating he would prefer to debate with the French people.
Macron argued no incumbent French president seeking re-election had done so in the past and he would not change that trend


'No president in office who stood for re-election has done so. I don't see why I would do it differently,' President Macron said and added, 'I prefer the debate with the French, that's what I owe them,' broadcaster Europe1 reports.


