1. Stephen Kotkin: Don't Blame the West for Russia's Invasion of Ukraine
		This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.Listen and subscribe: Apple | Spotify | Google | Wherever You ListenSign up to receive our weekly newsletter of the best New Yorker podcasts.Photograph by Kenzo Tribouillard / AFP / GettyIt's impossible to understand the destruction and death that Vladimir Putin is unleashing in Ukraine without understanding his most basic conviction: that the breakup of the Soviet empire was a catastrophe from which Russia has yet to recover. Some experts, including John Mearsheimer, have blamed NATO expansion for the invasion of Ukraine, arguing that it has provoked Putin to defend his sphere of influence.
		https://www.newyorker.com/podcast/politics-and-more/stephen-kotkin-dont-blame-the-west-for-russias-invasion-of-ukraine


2. The Growing Fear of a Wider War Between Russia and the West
		On his visit to Poland last weekend, Secretary of State Antony Blinken walked fifteen feet into Ukraine, as snow began to fall, to meet briefly with its foreign minister. It was symbolic of the Biden Administration's deliberately calibrated policy—going up to the border, but not beyond—to avoid any move that the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, could perceive as provocative. 'For everything we're doing for Ukraine, the President also has a responsibility to not get us into a direct conflict, a direct war, with Russia, a nuclear power, and risk a war that expands even beyond Ukraine to Europe,' Blinken told 'Meet the Press' the next day, from Moldova.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/the-growing-fear-of-a-wider-war-between-russia-and-the-west


3. Is It Time to Call Putin's War in Ukraine Genocide?
		'We have to call this what it is,' Volodymyr Zelensky said, late last month, a few days after Vladimir Putin had ordered the invasion and conquest of Ukraine. 'Russia's criminal actions against Ukraine show signs of genocide.' President Zelensky, who lost family members during the Holocaust, and who also happens to have a law degree, sounded suitably cautious about invoking genocide, and he called for the International Criminal Court in The Hague to send war-crimes investigators as a first step. But such investigations take years, and rarely result in convictions.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/is-it-time-to-call-putins-war-in-ukraine-genocide


4. A Russian Journalist Who Stayed Behind
		The invasion of Ukraine is a crime committed by a kleptocratic despot who has declared it illegal to call a war a war. On Wednesday, Russian forces in Ukraine continued their 'special military operation' with an air strike on a maternity hospital in the city of Mariupol. Few in Russia will hear of the event. Vladimir Putin's foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, was dismissive in the usual fashion: 'This is not the first time we see pathetic outcries concerning the so-called atrocities perpetrated by the Russian military.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/a-russian-journalist-who-stayed-behind


5. Naftali Bennett's Calculated Effort to Engage with Vladimir Putin on Ukraine—and Iran
		On Saturday night, while Russian forces entered the Ukrainian city of Volnovakha, and blocked convoys of food and medicine intended for the nearby besieged city of Mariupol, Volodymyr Zelensky, Ukraine's President, called Naftali Bennett, the Israeli Prime Minister. The two spoke for more than an hour and discussed, Zelensky tweeted, 'Russian aggression and the prospects for peace talks'—which, earlier in the day, Zelensky had suggested might take place in Jerusalem. Genuine negotiations would be impossible in Ukraine, Russia, or Belarus, he told reporters: 'These are not places where we can come to any understandings on ending the war—I'm not talking about technical meetings but meetings between leaders.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/naftali-bennetts-calculated-effort-to-engage-with-vladimir-putin-on-ukraine-and-iran


6. How Big a Threat to the U.S. Economy Is the War in Ukraine?
		When Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine, three weeks ago, many experts downplayed its implications for the U.S. economy, which had entered 2022 with great momentum. 'The impact of the Russian invasion on the U.S. economy will be on the margins,' Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody's Analytics, wrote. Since then, though, there has been a reassessment. Late last week, the economics team at Goldman Sachs projected that U.S. G.D.P. would expand by just 1.75 per cent from the fourth quarter of last year to the fourth quarter of this year—a sharp decline from the 5.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/our-columnists/how-big-a-threat-to-the-us-economy-is-the-war-in-ukraine


7. The Pope, the Patriarchs, and the Battle to Save Ukraine
		In February, 2016, Pope Francis, en route to Mexico, made a diplomatic stop in Havana. The stop lasted just a few hours, and he never left the airport. In a gussied-up V.I.P. room in a cargo hangar, he met with Kirill, the Patriarch of Russian Orthodox Christianity. The long-sought encounter was the first between the leaders of the two Churches since the Great Schism of 1054. Kirill had refused to meet in Europe, citing 'open wounds' in Orthodoxy's dealings there; Francis had said, 'I will go where you wish,' so they wound up in Havana.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/the-pope-the-patriarchs-and-the-battle-to-save-ukraine


8. 'We Watch the News and We're Crying'
		New York City is home to some hundred and fifty thousand Ukrainians, more than in any other city in America. Since Russia invaded Ukraine almost two weeks ago, New York has seen near-daily rallies and protests, with Ukrainians, Ukrainian Americans, and their supporters gathering to chant, sing, grieve, and rage against an unjust war. Last Wednesday, as Russian forces assaulted the city of Kharkiv, in northeastern Ukraine, a crowd of about a hundred gathered in Times Square. Beneath giant L.E.D. screens that flashed blue and yellow—the colors of the Ukrainian flag—protesters waved handmade signs, calling for the enactment of a no-fly zone, comparing Putin to Hitler and to Satan, and urging boycotts of Russian oil.
		https://www.newyorker.com/culture/photo-booth/we-watch-the-news-and-were-crying


9. The Trumpist Ukraine Blame Game
		'HIGHEST GAS PRICES IN HISTORY!' Donald Trump said in a statement that he issued last Tuesday. 'DO YOU MISS ME YET?' The answer is no. The world could hardly be at a more dangerous juncture, with a catastrophe in Ukraine that could spiral into a wider war—perhaps even a nuclear one. One of the few blessings of the moment is that our own nuclear arsenal is not in the hands of a Twitter-happy tantrum-thrower beholden to his own vanity. At a speech in New Orleans this month, according to the Washington Post, Trump mooted the idea of putting China's flag on American planes and sending them to bomb Russia: 'Then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.
		https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2022/03/21/the-trumpist-ukraine-blame-game


10. The Russian Military's Debacle in Ukraine
		Two weeks ago, the Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his country's invasion of Ukraine. Since then, Russian forces have bombed Ukrainian cities and moved west, toward Kyiv, where the Ukrainian leadership sits. Despite the death and destruction caused by the Russian attack, Ukraine's military has held up better than experts predicted, and Russian advances have been slower than feared. Now President Putin—who already faces sweeping financial sanctions—is confronting the prospect of an increasingly violent and lengthy campaign.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/q-and-a/the-russian-militarys-debacle-in-ukraine


1. 
		This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.Listen and subscribe: Apple | Spotify | Google | Wherever You ListenSign up to receive our weekly newsletter of the best New Yorker podcasts.Photograph by Kenzo Tribouillard / AFP / GettyIt's impossible to understand the destruction and death that Vladimir Putin is unleashing in Ukraine without understanding his most basic conviction: that the breakup of the Soviet empire was a catastrophe from which Russia has yet to recover. Some experts, including John Mearsheimer, have blamed NATO expansion for the invasion of Ukraine, arguing that it has provoked Putin to defend his sphere of influence.


2. 
		On his visit to Poland last weekend, Secretary of State Antony Blinken walked fifteen feet into Ukraine, as snow began to fall, to meet briefly with its foreign minister. It was symbolic of the Biden Administration's deliberately calibrated policy—going up to the border, but not beyond—to avoid any move that the Russian leader, Vladimir Putin, could perceive as provocative. 'For everything we're doing for Ukraine, the President also has a responsibility to not get us into a direct conflict, a direct war, with Russia, a nuclear power, and risk a war that expands even beyond Ukraine to Europe,' Blinken told 'Meet the Press' the next day, from Moldova.


3. 
		'We have to call this what it is,' Volodymyr Zelensky said, late last month, a few days after Vladimir Putin had ordered the invasion and conquest of Ukraine. 'Russia's criminal actions against Ukraine show signs of genocide.' President Zelensky, who lost family members during the Holocaust, and who also happens to have a law degree, sounded suitably cautious about invoking genocide, and he called for the International Criminal Court in The Hague to send war-crimes investigators as a first step. But such investigations take years, and rarely result in convictions.


4. 
		The invasion of Ukraine is a crime committed by a kleptocratic despot who has declared it illegal to call a war a war. On Wednesday, Russian forces in Ukraine continued their 'special military operation' with an air strike on a maternity hospital in the city of Mariupol. Few in Russia will hear of the event. Vladimir Putin's foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, was dismissive in the usual fashion: 'This is not the first time we see pathetic outcries concerning the so-called atrocities perpetrated by the Russian military.


5. 
		On Saturday night, while Russian forces entered the Ukrainian city of Volnovakha, and blocked convoys of food and medicine intended for the nearby besieged city of Mariupol, Volodymyr Zelensky, Ukraine's President, called Naftali Bennett, the Israeli Prime Minister. The two spoke for more than an hour and discussed, Zelensky tweeted, 'Russian aggression and the prospects for peace talks'—which, earlier in the day, Zelensky had suggested might take place in Jerusalem. Genuine negotiations would be impossible in Ukraine, Russia, or Belarus, he told reporters: 'These are not places where we can come to any understandings on ending the war—I'm not talking about technical meetings but meetings between leaders.


6. 
		When Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine, three weeks ago, many experts downplayed its implications for the U.S. economy, which had entered 2022 with great momentum. 'The impact of the Russian invasion on the U.S. economy will be on the margins,' Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody's Analytics, wrote. Since then, though, there has been a reassessment. Late last week, the economics team at Goldman Sachs projected that U.S. G.D.P. would expand by just 1.75 per cent from the fourth quarter of last year to the fourth quarter of this year—a sharp decline from the 5.


7. 
		In February, 2016, Pope Francis, en route to Mexico, made a diplomatic stop in Havana. The stop lasted just a few hours, and he never left the airport. In a gussied-up V.I.P. room in a cargo hangar, he met with Kirill, the Patriarch of Russian Orthodox Christianity. The long-sought encounter was the first between the leaders of the two Churches since the Great Schism of 1054. Kirill had refused to meet in Europe, citing 'open wounds' in Orthodoxy's dealings there; Francis had said, 'I will go where you wish,' so they wound up in Havana.


8. 
		New York City is home to some hundred and fifty thousand Ukrainians, more than in any other city in America. Since Russia invaded Ukraine almost two weeks ago, New York has seen near-daily rallies and protests, with Ukrainians, Ukrainian Americans, and their supporters gathering to chant, sing, grieve, and rage against an unjust war. Last Wednesday, as Russian forces assaulted the city of Kharkiv, in northeastern Ukraine, a crowd of about a hundred gathered in Times Square. Beneath giant L.E.D. screens that flashed blue and yellow—the colors of the Ukrainian flag—protesters waved handmade signs, calling for the enactment of a no-fly zone, comparing Putin to Hitler and to Satan, and urging boycotts of Russian oil.


9. 
		'HIGHEST GAS PRICES IN HISTORY!' Donald Trump said in a statement that he issued last Tuesday. 'DO YOU MISS ME YET?' The answer is no. The world could hardly be at a more dangerous juncture, with a catastrophe in Ukraine that could spiral into a wider war—perhaps even a nuclear one. One of the few blessings of the moment is that our own nuclear arsenal is not in the hands of a Twitter-happy tantrum-thrower beholden to his own vanity. At a speech in New Orleans this month, according to the Washington Post, Trump mooted the idea of putting China's flag on American planes and sending them to bomb Russia: 'Then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.


10. 
		Two weeks ago, the Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered his country's invasion of Ukraine. Since then, Russian forces have bombed Ukrainian cities and moved west, toward Kyiv, where the Ukrainian leadership sits. Despite the death and destruction caused by the Russian attack, Ukraine's military has held up better than experts predicted, and Russian advances have been slower than feared. Now President Putin—who already faces sweeping financial sanctions—is confronting the prospect of an increasingly violent and lengthy campaign.


