1. Why the School Wars Still Rage
		He said that the university was bound to teach evolution 'since all the natural sciences are based upon it,' but he hoped Kentuckians could agree that evolution wasn't what its opponents had made it out to be: 'Evolution is development; it is change, and every man knows that development and change are going on all the time.' He took pains to distinguish the theory of evolution from social Darwinism, regretting the law's conflation of the two. Above all, he pointed out, banning the teaching of evolution 'places limitations on the right of thought and freedom of belief,' and is therefore a violation of the Kentucky Bill of Rights.
		https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2022/03/21/why-the-school-wars-still-rage


2. Exercise Is Good for You. The Exercise Industry May Not Be
		Lucky are those for whom the benefits of vigorous exercise are more or less the unintentional effects of something they love to do. I am not one of them. My friends have heard me declare that I like to swim, but what I really like is not so much moving purposefully through water as being immersed in it, like a tea bag. I like to walk, but would I do it quite so much if I had not, in a self-sabotaging form of rebellion against the Southern California car culture in which I grew up, refused to learn to drive? During the pandemic, I secretly relished the fact that my yoga classes had switched to Zoom; at home, with my camera turned off, I could look at my phone or play with the dog when other students were asking the instructor to help them refine their asanas.
		https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2022/03/21/exercise-is-good-for-you-the-exercise-industry-may-not-be


1. 
		He said that the university was bound to teach evolution 'since all the natural sciences are based upon it,' but he hoped Kentuckians could agree that evolution wasn't what its opponents had made it out to be: 'Evolution is development; it is change, and every man knows that development and change are going on all the time.' He took pains to distinguish the theory of evolution from social Darwinism, regretting the law's conflation of the two. Above all, he pointed out, banning the teaching of evolution 'places limitations on the right of thought and freedom of belief,' and is therefore a violation of the Kentucky Bill of Rights.


2. 
		Lucky are those for whom the benefits of vigorous exercise are more or less the unintentional effects of something they love to do. I am not one of them. My friends have heard me declare that I like to swim, but what I really like is not so much moving purposefully through water as being immersed in it, like a tea bag. I like to walk, but would I do it quite so much if I had not, in a self-sabotaging form of rebellion against the Southern California car culture in which I grew up, refused to learn to drive? During the pandemic, I secretly relished the fact that my yoga classes had switched to Zoom; at home, with my camera turned off, I could look at my phone or play with the dog when other students were asking the instructor to help them refine their asanas.


