1. 
		Five days after Russia invaded Ukraine, as missiles pummelled Kyiv and a forty-mile-long military convoy menaced the city, a vlogger there named Volodymyr Zolkin phoned a stranger across the border in Russia to deliver some news: 'Roman Gavrilovich has been captured.' The young man on the line had already heard that Ukrainian soldiers had detained his friend, and said he was still in shock that his friend had been in combat.'I served with him. I quit in January,' he told Zolkin, who was streaming the call live on his YouTube channel.


2. 
		The invasion of Ukraine is a crime committed by a kleptocratic despot who has declared it illegal to call a war a war. On Wednesday, Russian forces in Ukraine continued their 'special military operation' with an air strike on a maternity hospital in the city of Mariupol. Few in Russia will hear of the event. Vladimir Putin's foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, was dismissive in the usual fashion: 'This is not the first time we see pathetic outcries concerning the so-called atrocities perpetrated by the Russian military.


3. 
		Dear Ms. Carter,I know firsthand that the admissions process can be exhausting. It's hard to separate the valedictorians from the catfish. Nevertheless, I hope that you can recognize Alan Worth as a special applicant. Dating him—like an earthquake—is impossible to forget.I'll admit, Alan's recommendation request surprised me. As a generally laid-back designer, I worried that I might not sufficiently represent his record of caustic lawyers. That said, it's an honor to recommend someone with Alan's enthusiasm for life and fitness.


4. 
		New York City is home to some hundred and fifty thousand Ukrainians, more than in any other city in America. Since Russia invaded Ukraine almost two weeks ago, New York has seen near-daily rallies and protests, with Ukrainians, Ukrainian Americans, and their supporters gathering to chant, sing, grieve, and rage against an unjust war. Last Wednesday, as Russian forces assaulted the city of Kharkiv, in northeastern Ukraine, a crowd of about a hundred gathered in Times Square. Beneath giant L.E.D. screens that flashed blue and yellow—the colors of the Ukrainian flag—protesters waved handmade signs, calling for the enactment of a no-fly zone, comparing Putin to Hitler and to Satan, and urging boycotts of Russian oil.


5. 
		Eight years ago, when Kyiv erupted in fiery anti-Russian demonstrations, the filmmakers Jason Blevins and Olena Lysenko walked a sprawling protest camp on Maidan Square interviewing students, activists, medics, and self-defense volunteers gathered there. Among them was Oleksii Shevliuha, a thirty-five-year-old security guard who seemed to know everyone. Wiry and compact, with a soldier's upright bearing and the close-cropped hair of a Cossack, he became their guide and occasional protector. He introduced them around the encampment, lent them a hand—and the use of a pocket knife—when their camera stand broke.


6. 
		Sadly, this encouraged people all up and down the regime to start stealing other people's businesses and property. It became a kind of free-for-all. If it was good enough for Putin and his cronies, it's good enough for me as the governor of Podunk province. The regime became more and more corrupt, less and less sophisticated, less and less trustworthy, less and less popular. It hollowed out. That's what happens with dictatorships.But such people and such a regime, it seems to me, would care above all about wealth, about the high life, about power.


7. 
		In the fall of 2015, the filmmaker Sarah Polley was at a swimming pool near her home in Toronto, rummaging through a lost-and-found bin for her hair dryer, when a jostled fire extinguisher fell on her head. Polley's vision went blurry; the world tilted and slowed. It turned out that she had a concussion, one severe enough to keep her bed-bound for weeks, and foggy and hindered for months, then years. A movie that she was writing had to be abandoned; the scope of her life dramatically compressed. Again and again, Polley was advised to respect her limits for fear of doing further damage.


8. 
		In February, 2016, Pope Francis, en route to Mexico, made a diplomatic stop in Havana. The stop lasted just a few hours, and he never left the airport. In a gussied-up V.I.P. room in a cargo hangar, he met with Kirill, the Patriarch of Russian Orthodox Christianity. The long-sought encounter was the first between the leaders of the two Churches since the Great Schism of 1054. Kirill had refused to meet in Europe, citing 'open wounds' in Orthodoxy's dealings there; Francis had said, 'I will go where you wish,' so they wound up in Havana.


9. 
		There are few great movies about jazz musicians, not least because there have been few Black directors in Hollywood. One of the best movies about jazz, the 1977 film 'Passing Through,' was made by the independent filmmaker Larry Clark as his thesis film at U.C.L.A. Clark was one of the leading members of the so-called L.A. Rebellion, a group of Black filmmakers that included Julie Dash, Charles Burnett, Haile Gerima, Billy Woodberry, and Jamaa Fanaka. In 'Passing Through,' which is playing Sunday at MOMA in a retrospective of Clark's films, the director (whose great-uncle was the outstanding, short-lived pianist Sonny Clark) dramatized the world of jazz from the inside: he showed that the practical struggles of jazz musicians are inseparable from the inner life—the spiritual essence—of the music.


10. 
		This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.In late August of 2019, Franklin Tao, a forty-seven-year-old chemistry professor at the University of Kansas, departed China with just enough time to make it home for the fall semester. Tao is short, with a high forehead and a spiky hairline that give him the cautiously inquisitive appearance of a hedgehog. He had spent the spring and summer tending to his ailing mother in China's interior, and visiting collaborators at Fuzhou University, on the country's coast.


