1. How Big a Threat to the U.S. Economy Is the War in Ukraine?
		When Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine, three weeks ago, many experts downplayed its implications for the U.S. economy, which had entered 2022 with great momentum. 'The impact of the Russian invasion on the U.S. economy will be on the margins,' Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody's Analytics, wrote. Since then, though, there has been a reassessment. Late last week, the economics team at Goldman Sachs projected that U.S. G.D.P. would expand by just 1.75 per cent from the fourth quarter of last year to the fourth quarter of this year—a sharp decline from the 5.
		https://www.newyorker.com/news/our-columnists/how-big-a-threat-to-the-us-economy-is-the-war-in-ukraine


2. The Trumpist Ukraine Blame Game
		'HIGHEST GAS PRICES IN HISTORY!' Donald Trump said in a statement that he issued last Tuesday. 'DO YOU MISS ME YET?' The answer is no. The world could hardly be at a more dangerous juncture, with a catastrophe in Ukraine that could spiral into a wider war—perhaps even a nuclear one. One of the few blessings of the moment is that our own nuclear arsenal is not in the hands of a Twitter-happy tantrum-thrower beholden to his own vanity. At a speech in New Orleans this month, according to the Washington Post, Trump mooted the idea of putting China's flag on American planes and sending them to bomb Russia: 'Then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.
		https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2022/03/21/the-trumpist-ukraine-blame-game


1. 
		When Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine, three weeks ago, many experts downplayed its implications for the U.S. economy, which had entered 2022 with great momentum. 'The impact of the Russian invasion on the U.S. economy will be on the margins,' Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody's Analytics, wrote. Since then, though, there has been a reassessment. Late last week, the economics team at Goldman Sachs projected that U.S. G.D.P. would expand by just 1.75 per cent from the fourth quarter of last year to the fourth quarter of this year—a sharp decline from the 5.


2. 
		'HIGHEST GAS PRICES IN HISTORY!' Donald Trump said in a statement that he issued last Tuesday. 'DO YOU MISS ME YET?' The answer is no. The world could hardly be at a more dangerous juncture, with a catastrophe in Ukraine that could spiral into a wider war—perhaps even a nuclear one. One of the few blessings of the moment is that our own nuclear arsenal is not in the hands of a Twitter-happy tantrum-thrower beholden to his own vanity. At a speech in New Orleans this month, according to the Washington Post, Trump mooted the idea of putting China's flag on American planes and sending them to bomb Russia: 'Then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.


