1. 
		PALM BEACH (The Borowitz Report)—Donald J. Trump has reached out to Vladimir Putin to help Russia file for bankruptcy, the former U.S. President has confirmed.Calling the Russian economy 'in very, very bad, terrible shape' as a result of Western sanctions, Trump said that bankruptcy was 'quite frankly' Putin's only option.'Bankruptcy is scary the first time you do it,' Trump said. 'But once you've done it five or six times it's the easiest and most beautiful thing in the world.'Trump said that 'the first thing Putin should do is stop paying his bills, and that's something I can show him how to do.


2. 
		'HIGHEST GAS PRICES IN HISTORY!' Donald Trump said in a statement that he issued last Tuesday. 'DO YOU MISS ME YET?' The answer is no. The world could hardly be at a more dangerous juncture, with a catastrophe in Ukraine that could spiral into a wider war—perhaps even a nuclear one. One of the few blessings of the moment is that our own nuclear arsenal is not in the hands of a Twitter-happy tantrum-thrower beholden to his own vanity. At a speech in New Orleans this month, according to the Washington Post, Trump mooted the idea of putting China's flag on American planes and sending them to bomb Russia: 'Then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.


3. 
		At 2:47 P.M. on September 20, 2020, I received what appeared to be an innocuous e-mail from my literary agent, Chris. Could I send over the latest version of my unsold novel-in-progress as a Microsoft Word file? 'I just realized,' the e-mail read, 'that I only have it as a PDF.' It wasn't like Chris to misplace things, but the situation didn't seem implausible. People switch computers. In-boxes get gnarly. I found an old e-mail with the Word file attached and forwarded it along.At 3:44 P.M., another e-mail arrived: 'Strange, I haven't received anything now .


4. 
		This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.In late August of 2019, Franklin Tao, a forty-seven-year-old chemistry professor at the University of Kansas, departed China with just enough time to make it home for the fall semester. Tao is short, with a high forehead and a spiky hairline that give him the cautiously inquisitive appearance of a hedgehog. He had spent the spring and summer tending to his ailing mother in China's interior, and visiting collaborators at Fuzhou University, on the country's coast.


