1. 
		In September, 2015, President Vladimir Putin ordered the Russian military to intervene on behalf of the Syrian President, Bashar al-Assad, who was in the fifth year of waging a brutal civil war against domestic opposition and overseas recruits. By then, the Russian government had already provided weapons to the Syrian state, which had become infamous for horrific human-rights violations. But the Russian military effort helped turn the war decisively in Assad's direction. Last year, the group Airwars estimated that the Russian intervention had killed tens of thousands of civilians; the United Nations has accused Russia of war crimes.


2. 
		'HIGHEST GAS PRICES IN HISTORY!' Donald Trump said in a statement that he issued last Tuesday. 'DO YOU MISS ME YET?' The answer is no. The world could hardly be at a more dangerous juncture, with a catastrophe in Ukraine that could spiral into a wider war—perhaps even a nuclear one. One of the few blessings of the moment is that our own nuclear arsenal is not in the hands of a Twitter-happy tantrum-thrower beholden to his own vanity. At a speech in New Orleans this month, according to the Washington Post, Trump mooted the idea of putting China's flag on American planes and sending them to bomb Russia: 'Then they start fighting with each other and we sit back and watch.


3. 
		When Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of Ukraine, three weeks ago, many experts downplayed its implications for the U.S. economy, which had entered 2022 with great momentum. 'The impact of the Russian invasion on the U.S. economy will be on the margins,' Mark Zandi, the chief economist at Moody's Analytics, wrote. Since then, though, there has been a reassessment. Late last week, the economics team at Goldman Sachs projected that U.S. G.D.P. would expand by just 1.75 per cent from the fourth quarter of last year to the fourth quarter of this year—a sharp decline from the 5.


4. 
		In February, 2016, Pope Francis, en route to Mexico, made a diplomatic stop in Havana. The stop lasted just a few hours, and he never left the airport. In a gussied-up V.I.P. room in a cargo hangar, he met with Kirill, the Patriarch of Russian Orthodox Christianity. The long-sought encounter was the first between the leaders of the two Churches since the Great Schism of 1054. Kirill had refused to meet in Europe, citing 'open wounds' in Orthodoxy's dealings there; Francis had said, 'I will go where you wish,' so they wound up in Havana.


5. 
		Lucky are those for whom the benefits of vigorous exercise are more or less the unintentional effects of something they love to do. I am not one of them. My friends have heard me declare that I like to swim, but what I really like is not so much moving purposefully through water as being immersed in it, like a tea bag. I like to walk, but would I do it quite so much if I had not, in a self-sabotaging form of rebellion against the Southern California car culture in which I grew up, refused to learn to drive? During the pandemic, I secretly relished the fact that my yoga classes had switched to Zoom; at home, with my camera turned off, I could look at my phone or play with the dog when other students were asking the instructor to help them refine their asanas.


